Task 1:6.5(same as usuall:))


The table and charts below give ingormation on the police budget for 2017 and 2018 in one area of Britain. The table shows where the money came from and the charts show how it was distributed.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The table depitcs which sources were responsible for providing budget for the police in a specific area in Britain while the charts demonstrate how that budget was spent in 2017 and 2018.

Overall, most of that budget came from the government, and the budget allocation increased from the previous year. Moreover, a large proportion of that money was for staff's salary.

The police department's budget rose from the £304.7 million in 2017 to £318.6 million in 2018. This increase was mostly because of local taxpayers, their dedication rose from £91.2 to £102.3 million. Likewise, other sources also helped to fund the department, though their dedication was not as significant as taxes. The national government increased its allocation from £175.5 million to £177.8 million, and help from other sources such as grants was negligible.

More than half of that fund is for paying personel such as officers and staff. While 75% of the fund was used to pay them in 2017, this percentage declined to 69%. This save was utilized to develop the technology in the department. Nonetheless, the portion of fund dedicated for buldings and transportation remained the same.










Task 2:


Some children spend hours every day on their smartphones. Why is this the case? Do you think this is a positive or a negative development?


It is believed that many children are addicted to using their smartphones. It is, apparently, because of the capabilities that those devices have. Nonetheless, children utilize phones to access their social media that can has a negative effect on them from phychological perspectives.

The primary reason for smartphones being prevelant among juveniles is the calculation power of such devices. Simply put, phones are tiny computers that can be able to do different types of calculations in a second. As a result of this, children can do many things with them, chief among which is playing games, which is enjoyable. Being able to execute codes faster, today's smartphones are capable of running more sophisticated video games, an improvement which was not possible years ago. Consequently, children spend most of their time on their mobiles amusing themselves with such entertainment.

However, spending hours on smartphones can be detrimental to children's mental health. This happens because of the uncontrolled communities. When it comes to children's phone usage social media, which often do not have a strict regulation, are as popular as mobile games. Such applications can have a negative consequence on the child's development. For instance, people do not share their real self on Instagram. They always try to represent themselves as a successful and happy person while in reality this is not true all the time. A child who might not be aware of this can find himself depressed by observing such artificial happiness and success.

In conclusion, it is suggested that the high amount of smartphones usage amongst children is because of the technological advances in phone industry. This gives the opportunity of playing games at a higher resolution, which can create a pleasant experience for children. Nevertheless, spending hours, particularly unsupervised, in different applicaitons such as social media can be detrimental for their mental development.

























