Task 1:


You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

The charts below show the percentages of men and women aged 60-64 in employment in four countries in 1970 and 2000

Summaries the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparison where relevant.

You should write at least 150 words.









The chart illustrates what portion of male and females, between 60 to 64, are employed in four countries, namely, Australia, Japan, USA, and Belgium, in 1970 and 2000.

Overall, except for Australian and American women, the employment rate decreased in 2000. Moreover, more 60-to-64-years-old men used to work comapred to woman. While Japanese 60-to-64-years-old men was accounted for the highest employment rate in early 70s and 20s, the lowest of this rate belonged to females in Belgium in that period.


The employment rate in Belgium males declined drastically from 79% in early 70s to 19% in 2000, more than any other country. Yet, this decrease was negligible for their women. Similarly, only 47% of Australian 60-to-64-years-old males were working in the year 2000, falling from its initial 74% in 1970. However, for their females, we were witnessed a 1% rose, reaching 19% in 2000.

Changes for the USA and Japanese males were smoother. While only 55% of the American's workers were between 60 to 64 years old males, demonstrating a clear decline from its previous 73% in 1970, this percentage for women rose by 2% and reached 38% in 2000. Furthermore, the employment rate in Japan's males and females worker fell inconspicuously, reaching 76% from 84% for the former and 40% from 43% for the latter.   







Task 2:



You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

Some people want governments to spend money looking for life on other planets.

Others, however, think this is a waste of public money when there are so many problems on earth.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from own knowledge or experience.

You should write at least 250 words.




Arguably, the search for life on other planets are the most contencious topic among contemporary debates. While some hold the opinion that it is of the most importance to find another home for everybody, others, including myself, believe that those goals are not realistic, and instead of wasting taxpayers' money, governments have to address issues here on Earth, especially environmental ones.

Since living on Earth will be difficult in the future, some are of the opinion that it is critical for the government to find another place for us to live in, by discovering signs of life on other planets. That difficulty stems from most countries burning fossil fuels, and refusing to adopt more green approaches, to win the economic race against each other. This would worsen the climate, making it impossible to live in, in near future. For instance, the US has continuesly proclaimed that they will not take positive steps toward preserving environment, sacrifising the climate for economic gain by drilling more oil. The implications of these behaviors are clear: higher temperature and rise in sea levels. Even though I disagree that this is a good reason to fund such projects, many are supporting this view,

On the other hand, others, myself included, are convinced that it is cheaper to address the aforementioned issue by devoting funds to research solutions, which do not harm the environment. Solving ongoing conundrums here is much more economical compared to developing milti-billion devices to search for life. Even if scientists discoverd life, barely could we travel and reach there. Thus, these objectives are far from the implementation process. Furthermore, the taxation belongs to people, and they ought to utilize it for them. Should they found life, they certainly cannot ship billions of people there, only relocating the top 1%.

In conclusion, although some people believe finding life elsewhere is necessary since living here, in the future, will be impossible due to the current trends in climate change, stemming from the rivarly among conutries for economic growth, I think those goals are unrealistic and waste of people's money. Hence, the government have to take care of the problems on Earth.
































