Task 1:7






The diagram below shows the floor plan of a public library 20 years ago and how it looks now.


Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The diagram illustrate how did the floor plan of a public library looked 20 years ago, and its current look.

Overall, the structure and function of rooms have changed noticeably; the library has modernized.


20 years ago, there were tables and chairs in the center of the library, between adult fiction and non-fiction books. Close to adult fiction books, just on the left side upon entering the library, there was a room for reading newspapers and magazines. On the right side of the entrance and in front of the children's books, there was enquiry desk, from which people could ask questions about tickets, book returns and so fourth. In addition, there was room suitable for computer users providing, CDs, videos and so on. 

Today, except for the structure of the children's books room, the architecture of all rooms has changed. The furnitures in the middle removed. The function of rooms has changed. The equiry desk is now a cafe, reading room is computer room, children's book is lecture room. The top left room has expanded and changed to children's fiction book with new furniture, hosting storytelling events. Today, information desk and self-service machines help people with task that enquiry desk was once responsible for.












Task 2:
In many countries around the world, rural people are moving to cities, so the population in the countryside is decreasing. Do you think this is a positive or a negative development?


Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.





Due to numerous reasons many rural people have tended to move to cities, and that his reduces the population of those areas. I believe this is a negative development for two reasons: difficulties in further improvements, and emergence or exacerbating environmental problems. 

On the one hand, fewer rural people means poorer infrastructure in the countryside. Population of a certain area is a key factor that governments consider in the decision-making process for creating new facilities. The lower the population, the less importance it is to provide new facilities for them. As a result, living in those areas will get more difficult. To illustrate, in order to visit a practitioner, people have to move to nearby cities, wasting more of their time and money. Hence, there is no doubt that this is a negative issue.

On the other hand, it will be easier for governments to provide services for more people. Providing services for people in under-developed subarban areas is more challenging, compared to urban citizens. For instance, poor wireless internet connectivity is a real deal in the countryside, and solving this issue demands a huge budget. With more people moving to cities, the government does not need to worry about such issues. However, more people in a city means more traffic, more pollution, and more demand for amenities, such as park, schools, gyms, and other recreational activities. In addition, fewer rural people means fewer farmers. This can lead to less harvesting, which, in turn, can lead to an increase in food prices.

In conclusion, although this relocation makes it easier for governments to offer a wide variety of services to more citizens easily, from my point of view, this is a negative development. Not only can this migration result in further poor developments in rural areas, but it also can cause many societal and environmental issues.























