Task 1:5(5555)

The chart below gives information about how families in one coutry spent their weekly income in 1968 and 2018.

Summarise the infomation by selecting and reporting the main featues and make comparisons where relevant.





The chart demonstrates the pattern of average weekly spending of families in a single country, presented in percentages, in 1968 and 2018.


Overall, while spendings on housing and leisure, which became the most popular area to spent money later, rose significantly, weekly expenditures in foods almost halved.

Weekly spendings in leisure, transportation, and housing increased in 2018. Although spendings related to leisure more than doubled, this rose was less intense for transportation and housing, reached to nearly 18% from 8% in the former and almost 19% from 10% in the latter.

it was the household goods that remained unchanged between this two year at roughly 7% of weekly income. 

People tend to spend less in the rest of the listed categories. Around 17% of the weekly income of the citizens was accounted for consumption of foods, which used to be up to 35% of their weekly income. This, also, was the largest decline in spendings. Moreover, less than 5% of their income was spent on personal goods and energy, which was the lowest portion in 2018.



IELTS Academic:

Task 2:


Some people beleive that professionals, such as doctors and engineers, should be required to work in the country where they did their training. Others believe they should be free to work in another country if they wish.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.



It is believed by many people that doctoral and engineering graduates should be able to freely choose the country they desire to work in. Yet, in my view, they must work in the country they have trained in.


On the one hand, it is the taxpayers money that the government is spending to provide necessary means for professionals to complete their training. They have several needs, chief among which is lab equipment, which usually are expensive. Simply put, by providing such tools, the government is basically investing on them to address future societal challenges. However, if the graduates do not collaborate on this matter, by not working in the same country, society will face major issues. For instance, lack of medical doctors might cause expensive visit sessions which will limit individuals' health awareness, increasing the number of chronic health problems in the future.

On the other hand, to prevent future issues in their occupation, it is suggested that graduates themselves should select their working country. For example, designing bridges is one crucial goal of civil engineers. However, not all of them have expertise in this respect, making some unqualified for this task. Forced to work in the country they got their degree, they might design flawed models which can take people's lives. Consequently, working abroad will be a proper alternative for those engineers. Nevertheless, such examples are rare, or maybe exaggerated, and there are always suitable jobs for students with a different background.

In conclusion, although one group of people argue that because of not assigning less qualified students to any jobs, which might cause irreversible damage, they should select their destination to work, I believe they must work in the country they trained. My reasoning is that the government has plans for the future by providing affordable education for them, and they have to accept it by serving people there.

















Accidentally wrote for IELTS general 

Task 2:6(6665)

It is better to buy a few expensive clothes, rather than lots of cheaper clothes. Do you agree or disagree?



It is suggested that purchasing a few expensive clothes is more preferable compared to obtaining many cheaper ones. Yet, I strongly disagree with this statement because of the merits that the second approach can have, namely, adding variety to people's fashion statement and having a proper replacement option in a challenging scenario.

Adding variety to people's fashion style is the first benefit that owning multiple sets of reletively cheap clothes can offer. Simply put, having possessed different models or types of wearing, people can match them together easily. For instance, if people have many shirts and jeans, they can wear various combination of them for different occasions. It is noteworthy that the number of possible permutation increases exponentially, which can favor individuals who hate dressing repetitively. 

Furthermore, ensuring that people have an alternative decent outfit to wear, if anything unpredictable happened to their original suit, is another advantage of this fashion choice. To illustrate, if were torn apart accidently, in some scenarios it would be impossible to fix the expensive dress since there might not be enough time to. In other words, dressing less fancy, by not wearing the intended lavishing dress, would be still a better option if they did not have anything aproporiate to wear. Having multiple choices of different clothing gives people the opportunity to improvise in these circumstances.

In conclusion, in my view, possessing lots of cheaper clothes will be a wiser decision compared to having few expensive ones. While this has many benefits, the opportunity of mixing them together along with proper replacements in emergency situations are the most significant ones.






















