Task 1:



The plans below show the site of an airport now and how it will look after redevelopment next year.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The plans illustrates an airport site as it is now and its future look after redevelopment next year. Overall, although the middle part, responsible for security measures, will remain unchanged, new facilities and numerous gates are to be added to the site.

Currently, there is no facilities in arrivals section. However, upon entering through departures, or leaving from security, there is a cafe and check-in located close to passport control. The middle part of the site, including security, passport control, will remain unchanged. Following that section, there are 8 gates in a rectangular-shape area, with a walkway.

After redevelopment, numerous changes are to happen. First, the number of entries will increase. While there is no car hire in arrivals, one will be added on the right side of the doors. Several facilities are to be included: an ATM, an additional cafe, and a bag drop. Cafe and check-in in the departures section will be relocated. Furthermore, shops will be opened between security section and gates. Notably, the number of gates is going to increase from 8 to 18, distributed in a Y-shape area. Lastly, a sky train will replace the current walkway.
















Task 2:



Many manufactured food and drink products contain high levels of sugar, which causes many health problems. Sugary products should be made more expensive to encourage people to consume less sugar.
Do you agree or disagree?



It is suggested that increasing the price of sugary products, which can have detrimental effect on health, can restrict their consumption, dissuading people from consuming more. While I believe this is true, I do not support this view because of two reasons: the economy and freedom.

The primary reason why I disagree with this approach is the fact that this would hurt businesses, factories, and their workers. Having made them more expensive, sugary drinks or foods will be consumed less in the society. This means that there will be less demand for those products, lowering the revenue, and putting pressure on producers. To be able to maintain their activities, companies have to make unpleasant decisions such as laying off workers or lowering their salaries. Thus, this approach will have an adverse impact on employees who are associated with those companies.

However, despite of this negative economic influence, this method will be sucessfull in controlling the consumption of those goods. Should the price of sugary products increases, people will consume less of them or swtich to healthier alternatives. For instance, the rise in soda price in restaurants may lead to ordering more water with meal by people. Having said that, in my view, this is not a democratic approach. People are adults, and they should have freedom to decide what is best for them. Dissatisfaction will emerge if sugary products become inaffordable. To illustrate, people who can contol their intake and consume those products every once in a while have to pay more, which is not pleasant problem to face. This can make the angry.

In conclusion, although making sugary products expensive is an effective approach to limit their consumption, I firmly disagree with this. From my perspective, this will hurt the producers, which, in turn, adversely affect their employees. In addition, this is not a democratic approach, making people feel that they do not have a choice. 



























