Task 1:5
The graph below shows the average retirement age of males and females in six countries in 2003. Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.

The table demonstrates what is the average age in which men and women from various countries retired themselves in 2003.

Overall, in all countries, men tend to retired themselves after than women, interestingly always one year more than females. Moreover, the highest retirement age belongs to Korean males while France females are accounted for that of the lowest.


People in Italy, Japan, and Korea have the highest average retirement age. Although the numbers for the Italy and Japan are identical, both at 67 for males and 66 for females, Korean men and women averagely retired at 68 and 67, respectively.

Additionally, Australia, the United States, and France are among those countries in which people retired themselves sooner, relative to others. While for Australia, the average retirement age is 64 for men and 63 for females, this number is 65 for men and 64 for women in the US. Most importantly, the average age of retirement in France is almost 10 years lower than the overall average of other countries. Males in France would retired at 57 on average while this number is 56 for females.
 










Task 2:6

Nowadays, many people spend less and less time at home. What are the causes of this? What are the effects of this on individuals and on the society?

It is claimed that in the modern society the majority of people are less present in their own houses. The main sources of this issue are longer working hours and traffic jams. Also, this negative development has certain drawbacks. The most prominent ones is poorer diet and increase in the risk of injuries.

It is the type of occupation, followed by modern lifestyle, and traffic that are causing this. Today, due to the stagnant economy, average males and females work more hours compared to the past. In addition to their unfulfilling 9-to-5 job, which hinder their presence in the house for a large portion of the day, they have to cope with the traffic. Hence, in order to not face the consequences of being late, they have to leave the house earlier, which is understandable and usuall since there is no other alternatives. However, it is the arduous and frustrating traffic on their way back that makes the situation intolerable. For instance, in Iran, it is completely normal to be stucked in the traffic for three hours, on average. Because of this, people will reach home after almost 12 hours of being absant.

As a result, there are numerous negative effects, chief among which are having a less healthier diet along with being more prone to injuries. Owing to the fact that people have less access to a kitchen, or any space for making food, and fresh ingridients for cooking, unhealthier eating habits, today, is a widespread issue among the aforementioned individuals. The majority of people prefer to have fast food as a lunch since there is less trouble in making and maintaining it, compared to when they brought a lunch from their house. Furthermore, being outside for more hours increases the risk of injuries. For instance, not only can they become a potential target for robbers, which might hurt them in many ways, but the chance of being subjected to a car accidents also increases. These problems are possible since they spent longer hours on the street, which is not as safe as their homes.

In conclusion, longer work hours and heavy traffic, which are regular signs of modern lifestyle, are the primary reasons for spending less time at home. Consequently, these causes may increase the chance of getting hurt in various ways, and promote unhealthy eating habits.





























 