Task 1:

The graph below shows the number of tourists visiting a particular Caribbean island between 2010 and 2017.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The graph illustrates how many tourists visited a Caribbean island from 2010 to 2017 divided into two group: one that stayed on the island and others who stayed on the cruise ship during their visit.

Overall, while staying on the island during visit was the popular choice, this changed at the end of the period, and most people prefered to stay on a ship. Despite this, the total number of visitors increased.

In 2010, almost 0.75 million tourists visited the island while staying on it. This figure started to rise from 2011, peaking at 1.5 million in 2013 and stayed at that level onward, except for a sudden decline in 2016.

Less people opted to visit the island while staying on the cruise ships in 2010, with around 0.25 million visitors. However, this began to change from 2012 and this number witnessed a sharpe consistant growth ever since, surpassing the previous category in the middle of 2015, and reached a high of 2 million visitors at the end of the given period.

The total number of visitors sharply increased throughout except for two years (2015 and 2016, where it stayed around 2.6 million visitors), and reached 3.5 million from its initial 1 million. 














Task 2:


In the future, nobody will buy printed newspapers or books because they will be able to read everything they want online without paying.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.


It is suggested that printed newspapers or books will become obslete since people can get access to what they want to read online for free. Indeed, I strongly support this view and this essay will explain possible factors. 

The primary reason for this is the accessability and inexpensiveness. Today, many news or even regular channels cover important news across the globe for free. This is because by receiving viewers and feedbacks for their platform, they can easily attract sponsors, helping them to make more money. Such channels are followed by almost everyone (with no charge) in various social media platforms, such as instagram, telegram, etc. In contrast, newspapers are neither easy to reach nor free. In order to purchase one, people should go outside, pay money, or maybe even wait in line. Hence, reading online, particularly to catch up with the news, is a better option. 

In addition to this, reading books online is also more convenient compared to printed books. In order to read one's favorite book, he has to carry it everywhere with himself (if it was printed). However, people can read books through websites, such as online libraries, everywhere regardless of what device they have access to, even if it is not theirs. Furthermore, reading books at night requires artificial light, which might bother others around them, while this is not a problem with digital gadgets used for reading online. Not only do not those mediums depend on such light from outsides, but the design of the websites also offer a variety of tools that make the reading experience much pleasant. For example users can highlight a text or remove it; they can write on the page or erase what they wrote. Thus, online reading is of more convenience.

In conclusion, I firmly believe nobody will buy printed materials in the future for two main reasons: first, the access to online websites and social media is much more easier and without any additional fee. Moreover, reading from these mediums are more convenient and they that offer numerous options for their users.
































