writing 1:

The given pie charts demonstrates which items are bought from the online shop platforms, only considering retail sectors, in New Zealand in the years 2003 and 2013. Considered sales are related to travel, film or music, books and clothes. Overall, sells related to travelling and media-related products have the most shares in New Zealand online shopping market. Moreover, disregarding cloathes, throughout the period the portion of goods had not changed drastically.


As far as 2003 is concerened, equal portion of people (around one-fifth of them) were interested in books and film/music, whereas travel-related sales are the most sold item with 36% of the market. Also, cloathes has the second position with one-forth of the total sample.

Fast-forward to 2013, apart from sales in books that had not changed conspecuously, other retails sales undergone a considerable alteration. Film/music industry take over the travel sales, that had declined to 29%, by a 12% increase. Another noticeable feature is cloathes which reduced to 16% and become the least popular good in online shopping.   








writing 2:






With the breakthroughs in technology, these devices are being utilized to survey people's actions and interaction with each other; from earsdroping calls to face recognition in security cameras without any permisisons from the subjects. Do  these actions benefit people or they have negative effects. This essay will elaborate on this topic and I will explain why advantages of monitoring people outweigh the drawbacks.


One of the most prominent reason that applications, as the dominant agents on our cellphones, used to justify the tracking is the personalized app. Also, in the  modern day, it is inevitable to interact with an app and don't face advertisement. Having a crucial importance in the bussines world, companies are proposing personalized ads for each customer so they can maximize their chance of baiting them to click. They determine which ads to be shown to who by monitoring microphones, cameras and search history of each person closely. Furthermore, aforementioned interest is mutual and we, as a user, prefer to see a related ad instead of unrelated one. In other words, by analyzing our search hitory, a company like youtube classifies potenatial commercial breaks in a video. For instance, a juvenile is most likely to be tricked by observing a video game ad, a chance of getting a click to beauty products is higher for a lady that searches for lipsticks. Moreover, it is unlikely for the aforesaid people to skip the customized ads and youtube can assure their sponsers that user will watch their their products. 




On the other hand, the fact that our private data is used without our permission is inconvinient. Today, it is challenging to find a bussines that does not require our private data in return of providing services and this will destroy the trust wall between customers and companies. Consequently, users are getting more reluctant to use these types of services and will switch to alternatives. Nevertheless, there exist several circusmstances, consider security cameras for example, that people cannot do anything about the fact that their data is being exposed. Although it might not be seem important, sense of disapproval will remain with the citizens and will effect their decision-making in various scenarios that other party is involved. To illustrate further, suppose an individual that is not satisfied by being filmed by the cameras on his way home. He might take a different road from its direction to a path that don't have security cameras and his decision could cause traffic and air pollution. 



To conclude, while there are some downsides regarding the unpermissioned use of people's data or monitoring them, I believe the advantages, that can benefit themselves and the users, outweigh the drawbacks.



Nowadays technology is increasingly being  used to monitor what people are saying and doing (for example, through cellphone trakcing and security cameras). In many cases, the people being monitored are unaware that this is happening.

Do you think the advanteges of this developement outweigh the disadvantages?










 


