task 2:


You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

Nowadays, more people move away from their friends and families for work. Do advantages outweigh the disadvantages?

You should write at least 250 words.






Today, more than ever, more people have been leaving their home town, as well as their beloved, in persuit of better occupation. Even though this can have negative impacts on them, in my view, its advantages, such as better prospects or new experiences, are more significant.

There are numerous drawbacks in leaving people's beloved to work far away from their cities. First and foremost, doing so would undermine well-established relationship, especially among friends. This is because although they can face-time, this cutting-edge technology cannot replace the intimacy that real-time conversation can offer. As a result, they could lose connection to an important part of their past, which may have negative effect on them mentally. In addition, being alone, in another city, could have negative effects on individuals. For instance, it can develop the sense of depression, which can potentially impact their work. Hence, this distance can negatively affect people.

However, there are some benefits in this decision. While it is true that they will lost contact with their loved ones, they can make new friends. They can also visit new places they have never been to, which can create fresh memories. Such novel experiences can compensate for the previously-mentioned losses. More importantly, it is the prospects and financial incentives that makes them satisfied. This is because people migrate elsewhere for better opportunities, which often involves higher salary. Such an increase in income can convey the sense of fullfilment. Because of this affordability they would be able to regularly visit their family and friends in the weekend or holidays.

In conclusion, although foresaking frineds and families for work can weaken relationships and create mental problems, I believe its potential, namely, higher income and making new friends, can compensate for those disadvantages. 
