Task 1:6(6-6.5-6-6)

The graph below shows the number of shops that closed and the number of new shops that opened in one country between 2011 and 2018.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.


The graph illustrates the number of closures and openings of new stores in one country between 2011 and 2018.

Overall, although in some years there were more openings than closures, most people closed their businesses during this period. Moreover, fluctuations in the openings were more severe compared to closures.

The changes in the number of shops that was closed were higher. Given the period, the highest number of closures was just above 7,000 in 2013, and the lowest was almost 700 in 2015. Starting from roughly 6,400 closed stores in 2011, after the mentioned all-time-high in 2013 and the all-time-low in 2015, alteration became more stable after 2016 and onward, staying near 5,000 closed shops.

However, changes in the openings were smoother. Starting from 8,500 in 2011, which was the highest number of opened and closed shops in the period, it reached 4,000 in the following year. After that, changes were rather limited: the highest number was just above 6,000 in 2014 while and lowest was 3,000 in 2018. 







Task 2:6.5(7-6.5-6.5-6)

Nowadays, a growing number of people with health problems are trying alternative medicines and treatments instead of visiting their usual doctor.

Do you think this is a positive or negative development?



More people, increasingly, replaced traditional doctor visits with alternative measures, namely, self-prescribing medicines or self-treatments. In my view, this is a negative development because of two reasons: some diseases require immediate action and taking drugs without professional advice might cause more damage than healing to an individual.  

The primary problem for this is the significance of taking actions in the first stage of most diseases. Simply put, if recognized early, doctors could suggest an effective remedy for most health problems. Thus, the first several weeks are pivotal in treatment. However, by having an alternative treatment they saw on Instagram and not seeking professional help, more people today are putting themselves in jeopardy. For example, HIV can be classified as the mentioned health problem groups with limited symptoms in its initial stages. Hence, it will be dangerous if people procrastinate visiting a doctor since not only their approach will not be effective but also they will miss that valuable window.

Another major issue is the concept of drug intervention, which can cause severe side-effects. In other words, when doctors prescribe medicines, they take the fact that which drugs should not be taken together into account. They do this by asking patients about their regular intake of pills or skimming through their medical records; consequently, there would be no problem. Nonetheless, by taking pills without a doctor's consult, not only people delay their recovery process, but they put themselves in the risk of critical side-effects caused by the consumption of several drugs together.


In conclusion, I hold the view that self-treatment is a negative approach that unfortunately a growing number of people are choosing nowadays instead of not going to the usual process of check-ups with doctors. The major reasons for this are possible side-effects from taking random pills and missing the valuable initial time in professional treatment.





















