Task 1:

The line graph below gives information on the numbers of participants for different activities at one social centre in Melbourne, Australia for the period 2000 to 2020.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The line graph illustrates how many people participated in various activities at a social center in Melbourne from 2000 to 2020.

Overall, while the participation in film club remained highest throughout the period, amateur dramatics attracted the smallest number of people compared to other activities. Interests in table tennis also experienced a sharp growth after 2010.


At almost 64 participants, film club consistently remained the most popular activity with a great margin in the social center during the period. In comparison, hovering around 35, martial arts had the second-highest rate of participation until 2015. However, this has changed and table tennis overtook it in that year. Not after 2010 did table tennis sharply rose, from approximately 20 to more than 50 participants in 2020.

In contrast, amateur dramatics became the least popular activity in the center in 2020. After reaching a high of almost 30 participants in 2005, that number steadily dropped onwards. Notably, musical performances had no participants in the first 5 years. After 2005, however, this figure rose and reached nearly 20 in 2020. 










Task 2:

Some people think that competition at work, at school and in daily life is a good thing. Others believe that we should try to cooperate more, rather than competing against each other.
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion





It is suggested that being competitive in every aspects of our daily lives is of utmost significance. Other people, however, argue that colaboration is more important that competing. In my opinion, each of those can offer special benefits and both are necessary in our lives.

On the one side, competition is an effective form of encouragement, helping us to achieve more. A competitive environment is similar to participating in a tournament for people, forcing them to put their best foot forward. This is because performing better than others is rewarding, making winners feel confident, boost their morale, and brings them a sense of superiority. Thus, this incentive atmosphere is needed in their daily lives and work.

On the other side, by cooperation we can do activities more effectively. This is because we are social species, and we are better at doing things with the help of each other. We do this all the time. To illustrate, in schools, in order to complete a group project as soon as possible, each student will do a small part of it. In business, a person who is good at math is responsible finance-related tasks, and those who are better at communication will be assigned to marketing department. Hence, cooperation is also a key aspect of our lives.

From my perspective, as both of them have unique advantages, we need to strike a balance. We need colaboration to distribute tasks in an efficient manner. Cooperation is also crucial within a team to encourage memebers to do their best.

In conclusion, competition incentivizes the working and education environment, whereas cooperation helps people to do task more efficiently. I firmly believe that both of them are required in our lives.















