writing 1:

The charts below show the results of a survey of adult education. The first chart shows the reasons why adults decide to study. The pie chart shows how people think the cost of adult education should be shared.


The first given chart represents reasons that adults opt for studies. The second one, illustrates opinion of the people on sharing the cost of education. Overall, the majority of students decide to study for personal interst in the subject or to gain qualifications. Furthermore, most people believe that taxpayers should not be responsible for education of students and they or their employers should pay the tuition.

Regarding the first chart, Most students decide to pursue academics for either having an interest in subject of to achieve certificates where population for the former is 40 and for the latter is 38. Same amount of them, roughly around one-fifth, attracted to educations either for promotion, their current occupation, or enjoyment. 12 of them studied to be able to change their job, and only 9 persons choose to study for the sake of meeting new people.
. 

Turning to sharing costs, people believe that 40% of the tuition should be paid by the students themselves, 35% by the employers, and only 25% of the remaining cost should be paid by taxpayers.



writing 2:

There are many different types of music in the world today. Why do we need music? Is the traditional music of a country more important than the international music that is heard everywhere nowadays?

Listening to music can be considered as the favorite hobby of many people. Nowadays, there are more types of music compared to the past. In this essay, I will explain why music is necessary, and will show why we should pay more attention to the traditional music of our countries.

Many pepole arguing about the necessity of music in our lives. I firmly believe that music is crucial to us both as individuals and as a group. A study has proven that music can have positive effects on the brain of living species, or even on plants. For example, parents play classical music for their children before sleep, or a farmer would do the same thing to increase the output of their plants. In addition to this, one important reason that support the importance of music is its capability in gathering pepole to have healthy activities. Music festivals are one of the rare events that can have thousands of attendance. For instance, people can dance or jump with songs and burn callaries. Those are only few instances of necessity of music in our lives.  


There are different type of music. In my opinion, people, specially the local ones, should listen to the traditional music more often compared to the international one. Local music has an old history and it represents culture and the way of living of people in that area. On the other hand, international music usually does not affiliated with any history or any group of pepole. Moreover, it can be found anywhere, and relatively speaking, it is cheap in value. Due to these reasons it is wiser to listen to the traditional one that is meaningful. Another reason for not supporting common type of music these days is that people, by following local music, should keep their heritage alive. If local society did not listen to it, nobody would. Those people are responsible for making their tribe pround and keep spreading their history and culture by listening to the traditional music.


In conclusion, research has shown that music is necessary and can have positive effects on our brain. Furthermore, by dancing with music in parties and festivals, people can have healthier lifestyle. Additionally, I believe that traditional music is more important than the international one because it is more rich in history, shows culture of specific people, and tell us about history of them.




























