Task1:6


The charts below show the levels of participatin in education and science in developing industrialized countries in 1980 and 1990.

The given histograms illustrate the number of scientists, amount spent on research, and education level of the people in the developing or the developed countries in 1980 and 1990.

Overall, it is clear from the data that the industrialized countries are dominating the developing ones in all of the criteria by a considerable margin. Furthermore, this gap even increased from 1980 to 1990 in all of the discussed areas. Another interesting point is that developing countries did not improved their situation for the next 10 years while numbers show improvement for the developed ones.


Jumping into the first histogram, it is obvious that the developing countries paid less attention to schooling. The average year of schooling in those nations were two in 1980 and almost did not change after that. However, the industrialized ones reached their average education to more than 10 from 8.2 in 10 years. Similarly, number of scientists in the former countries did not even reached 20 per 1000 people in 1990 whereas for the latter ones, this number increased to 70 in 1990 from 40 in 1980. Last but not least, the amount of money spent on research and development are tripled in the developed nations. In 1990, these countries spent 350 billion dollars compared to their previous record which was 150 billion dollars in 1980. In contrast, amount of spending decreased in half, which was the only feature that fell in the entire data, from 50 in 1980 to 25 in 1990.





Task2:6.5-7

In many countries children are engaged some kind of paid work. Some people regard this as completely wrong, while others consider it as valuable work experience, important for learning and taking responsibility.





Child labor has been a hot area of debate in recent years. Although some may agree with children working, I believe otherwise and in this essay, I will explain why involving children in paid work is a wrong decision.


In some countries, it is common to hire children under legal age for paid jobs. Using them as labor is not a right decision for several reasons. Firstly, employees exploit them and usually do not pay them as much as they pay regular workers. This happen because some of the children have not had income before, and having their own source of money is interesting to them no matter how much it is. Another reason for disagreeing with this issue is the children childhood. Juveniles should play with their peers and enjoy their time before they grew up. If they do not do this, they will regret it in the future, and the sad part is that they think it will not matter now. For instance, I have seen lots of elderly in my life and they all had one regret in common: to play more and make use of their childhood.

On the other hand, some people believe that being a part of paid jobs is beneficial for their future because of several reasons. One of them is work experience, which help them to have a better resume for their career. However, from my point of view, it is not necessary to build a strong resume in the early stages and they always have a chance to gather experience. Furthermore, others might argue that they can learn about businesses and taking responsibility. Nevertheless, these statements are not accurate as well. While it could be more effective to learn about businesses by participating in them, children can learn about them by studying them in universities. They, also, can familiarize themselves with taking responsibility through different methods such as teamworks or playing in the sport teams.



In conclusion, in my opinion, children should not participate in paid work because they are generally given unfair salaries, and they would miss their valuable and irreversible time in their early lives. Even though some might say some benefits in favor of working such as a chance for learning about businesses and responsibility, I believe that they will get their chance to learn these values later in their lives.













