Task 1:

The plans below show a harbour in 2000 and how it looks today.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.




The plans illustrate a habor in 2000 and its current look.

Overall, although the harbor has maintained its general structure, numerous facilites have been added to it.



Several failites changed minimially or improved since 2000. While there used to be a dock close to passenger ferries, another has added just next to the previous one. The Mariana (an area for private yachts) and fishing boats section have switched places. An additional car park, showers, and toilet have also included just near the Main road.

In comparison, there are some new changes in the harbor. The entry of the larger car park has changed. Instead of being connected to the Road, it is now accessible from the Main Road. Additionally, cafes and shops are added close to lifeboat. The Road in the southern part area now branches out to a hotel, which used to ba a disused castle bofore. Notably, the public beach is now a private one, and only those who are staying at the hotel can use it.





Task 2:

The working week should be shorter and workers should have a longer weekend.
Do you agree or disagree?




It is suggested that employees should benefit from shorter working weeks and longer off-days. While more longer weekend can unarguably be advantageous, following this policy, I firmly believe that there will be negative consequences, particularly from economical point of view.


On the one hand, shorter working weeks can be attributed to less productive and effective work. This is because workers tend not to be focused in their workplace. Take a 9-to-5 job as an example. Although it is an 8-hour work, barely could the effective working time reach 6 hours. This is due to numerous reasons. Workers tend to have breakfast, checking their E-mails, or maybe because of being sleepy cannot start working in early hours. Similarly, in the last hours they stop working, talking to their peers, phoning their friends, or just doing nothing waiting for the five o'clock. Diminishing working hours can only worsen this situation. As a result of this policy, people would be even less productive and would do less of their duties. 

On the other hand, this policy can have positive outcomes. Undeniably, the most prominent one is the additional time we would have to take care of ourselves and our loved ones. To illustrate, we can do activites, such as meditating and exercising, that are beneficial for our well-being. Furthermore, we can spend more time with our families, talking them to parks or watching movies together. All of these can improve our moods, which, can result in having happier and less-worried workers. Being less worried about various problems and our lives, we can potentially be more productive and efficient at the office since the distractions will be limited.

However, I disagree with this and believe that the negative aspect of this issue is more serious. Doing less at work means that the output of the companies and factories will be poorer, putting pressure on the economy. With weaker economy, there will be lower salaries, weakening people's purchasing power, which, in turn,  jeoperdizing people's happiness.

In conclusion, even though lower working weeks can positively influence our lives, both physically and mentally, with fewer people doing less, the economy will suffer. This will put pressure on people and lower their standards of living.












