writing 1:



The given diagram demonstrates the procedure of manufacturing instant noodles in a comapany.

Overall, the process begins with providing flour, water and oil into the mixer; after completing several sequential operations, which are done by the integrated machines, instant noodle will be ready to use.

In the first step, the flour that stored in the silos are added to the mixer where it is mixed with the combination of water and oil. The mixed materials are then converted as a dough sheets with the help of rollers. Next, dough strips are trasfered through rails into the next step. In the next stage, they are transformed into the noodle discs, where they are cooked with oil and dried. After that, noodles are poured into cups while vegetables and spices are added to them. Finally, label of the company are added to the cups and they are sealed for the next step.







writing 2:




Nowadays advertising industry can be considered as the largest one in the world, where companies are willing to spent millions of dollars just to be seen or to be heard for a few seconds. Nevertheless, are they still persuasive in encouraging people to buy their product? Do we as potential customers still pay attention to them? This essay will delve deeper into answering these questions.



In the modern days, we are surrounded by ads in the various forms; from posters, commercial breaks to bilboards on the road. It can be argued that they are so common that we get used to them and don't really pay close attention to them. In other words, although in the past they seemed to be effective due to the lack of existance or innovation of competitors, today, watching them have turned into the daily routine part of humans in a way that even the most innovative ones do not grab the attention of the viewers or listeners. For example, I remember a particular gum ad in the past that had a particular song. People summerized the lyrics unconsciously due to its appealing rhythm and prefered to buy their product in the supermarkets. However, I can see that today, individuals do not even recognize the product of a company that spent an enormous amount of capital on promoting their product.




On the other hand, the opposing group believe that advetising can still encourage people to be biased towards a specific good. Persuasive advertisements, which can have impact on people, still can be found. Matter of the fact, I agree with them. One opinion that support this argument is the flow of money in the industry. An unbelievable amount of transactions are being transfered daily in this sector. if ads were not effective, companies would not dedicate that amount of funds to promote themselves. One predominant example is Coca-Cola. It can be argued that they are most known company for drinking goods, and yet they are still making creative ads for their products. Despite of the fact that almost every man and woman around the world are familiar with the brand and they don't have several serious competitors, they are still quite active in the field. This only can be explained by the success that advertisment have on incentivizing customers.




To conclude, while some people believe that the customers do not pay attention to the ads these days due to their commonness, in my point of view, ads are still effective and convincing and have a direct effect on people. 



Some people say that advertising is extremely successful at persuading us to buy things. Other people think that advertising is so common that we no longer pay attention to it.

discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from you own knowledge and experience.


corrected version:


Nowadays, the advertising industry can be considered the largest in the world, where companies are willing to spend millions of dollars just to be seen or heard for a few seconds. Nevertheless, are they still persuasive in encouraging people to buy their products? Do we, as potential customers, still pay attention to them? This essay will delve deeper into answering these questions.

In the modern day, we are surrounded by ads in various forms; from posters and commercial breaks to billboards on the road. It can be argued that they are so common that we get used to them and do not really pay close attention to them. In other words, although in the past they seemed to be effective due to the lack of existence or innovation of competitors, today, watching them has become a daily routine part of human life in a way that even the most innovative ones do not grab the attention of viewers or listeners. For example, I remember a particular gum ad in the past that had a particular song. People summarized the lyrics unconsciously due to its appealing rhythm and preferred to buy their product in the supermarkets. However, I can see that today, individuals do not even recognize the product of a company that spent an enormous amount of capital on promoting their product.

On the other hand, the opposing group believes that advertising can still encourage people to be biased towards a specific good. Persuasive advertisements, which can have an impact on people, still can be found. As a matter of fact, I agree with them. One opinion that supports this argument is the flow of money in the industry. An unbelievable amount of transactions are being transferred daily in this sector. If ads were not effective, companies would not dedicate that amount of funds to promote themselves. One predominant example is Coca-Cola. It can be argued that they are the most known company for drinking goods, and yet they are still making creative ads for their products. Despite the fact that almost every man and woman around the world are familiar with the brand and they do not have several serious competitors, they are still quite active in the field. This can only be explained by the success that advertisement has on incentivizing customers.

To conclude, while some people believe that customers do not pay attention to ads these days due to their commonness, in my point of view, ads are still effective and convincing and have a direct effect


