Task 1:7 7 7 6.5

The two maps below show road access to a city hospital in 2007 and in 2010. Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
Write at least 150 words.


The maps illustrate roads that lead to city hospital in 2007 and 2010 after developments. Overall, not only are more space for parking considered for the public and staff, but also local transportation improved.

There was only one parking lot in the intersection of Haspital Rd and City Road, which was shared by staff and other people, in 2007. The access to public transportation was possible by making use of bus stops available in the Hospital Rd, adjacent to car park. Despite numerous changes, the main structure and the position of roads, namely Ring, City, and Hospital, remained unchanged.

There were various changes in the road access and facilities in 2010. The parking policy changed significantly. While a new parking spot was provided for the public just close to the hospital, the previous space remained unchanged; yet, it was used only by staff in 2010. Two roundabout were added; one in the intersection of Hospital Rd and City Road, and the other just after leaving the hospital. Notably, access to public transport changed tremendously. In 2010, several bus stops were replaced with one large bus station connected to the two roundabouts.   





Task 2: 7 7 7 7

Living in a country where you have to speak a foreign language can cause serious social problems, as well as practical problems.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Write at least 250 words.







Learning a foreign language has numerous challgenes and nuances, which some may find it difficult. because of this, many living abroad find it problematic to socialize with local people and may run into other practical problems. I, indeed, completely agree with this view and this essay will elaborate on this issue.  

Issues in relationships could be one direct result of speaking a foreign language in another country. Owing to the fact that humans are social species, we tend to socialize, make frineds, and avoid loneliness. However, not understanding a language well, it is challenging for people to establish a close relationship as easy as they could using their mother tounge. This happens not only because they cannot express their feeling as accuratly as they wish, but they also cannot understand other people so well, leading to frustration of others as well. For instance, using metaphorical language or making jokes is quite common between people who are close to each others. Thus, as a result of this obsticle in comminication, they, most likely, will not be able get so close to others.

Apart from social issues, using a foreign language may lead to other practical problems. One of the most common ones could be dealing with language appropriate for formal circumstances. The proper language in those situations is mostly formal, which is harder to a foreigner to speak or understand. Not being able to communicate with that complicated and complex language might result in negative consequences. To illustrate, if they were fined, they should defend themselves, in the court of law, by proposing a proper and compeling argument to judge. If the judge was not persuaded, he may not see the truth, leading to a loss in that case for them. Hence, speaking a foreign language may pose problems to the people who are not fully familiar with it.   

In conclusion, speaking a foreign language can pose numerous challgenges for the non-indigenous speaker. Not only does this impede them to get into a close and intimate relationship, but this also may cause other common problems which might hurt the speaker.













































