writing 1:


The diagram below shows the process for recycling plastics bottles.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main fearures and make comparison where relevant.


The given diagram demonstrates how plastic bottles are recycled. Overall, it is a 9-step process that requires the mix of human and machinery works. It begins with collecting recycleable goods, compression, crushing, and other processes and ends with common plastic stuff that we use in our daily lives.

In the first step, a special truck gathers recyclable goods, which were discriminated and separated by people, from the bins. Next, in the recycling center, an operator sorts bottles into two baskets. Sorted bottles are compressed into giant blocks of bottles. In the next stage, those blocks are crushed by enourmous gears, and its output will be washed in a container full of liquid. The following stage is the biginning of the prouction of new bottles. The cleaned materials are gone through a machine that make them even more smaller, known as the raw material. After heating and preparing them for producing purposes, new plastic stuff will be produced and will be available for the use of all customers.







wiritng 2:

In the future all cars, buses and trucks will be driverless. the only people travelling inside these vehicles will be passengers.
Do you think the advantages of the driverless vehicle outweigh the disadvantages.

Debates around the driverless cars, which is powered by artificial intelligence, have never been hotter these days. In the future, it is likely that all the vehicles will be operating without drivers. I firmly believe that the benefits of such technologies are more than their drawbacks.

Existence of such vehicles have several advantages. One of them, which is pretty obvious, is that the government needs not to take care of the drivers. Currently, officials pay drivers a fixed amount of money in exchange of working along with providing reliable insurance for them. However, by having AI-powered vehicles that only carry passengers, they can reduce their expanses. Another reason, in addition to the aforementioned one, is that the roads would be generally safer if all cars were driven by AI since they are not designed to break any rules. Driverless vehicles obey the rules, move slower than the limit, and they will prevent accidents.

On the other hand, this adoption could have potential cons. The first one is that there will be no jobs for drivers, and the issue will get more intense if the driver cannot be hired in other jobs. Although the younger generation knows that it is coming and can adjust themselves accordingly, it would be hard for older ones to get in line with the trend. Another challenge that could makes trouble is people's desire to ride. For instance, for some people driving is a hobby, like riding a bike. By making all cars driverless, authorities are taking their favorite activity from them, and it is hard to replace this activity with something else.

In conclusion, adopting driverless vehicles have its pros and cons. On the positive side, government can reduce its operation costs that used to be spent on the insurance for the drivers, and they can lower the accident rate. Nevertheless, this would be possible by making some sacrifices. firstly, drivers no longer will have occupations, and for older ones it would be a big challenge to face. Secondly, people, whose hobby is to drive, cannot enjoy riding in their leisure time. All considered, I believe it is a positive development.












