Task 1:

The diagram below shows how electricity is generated in a hydroelectric power station.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
Write at least 150 words.




The diagram illustrates the process of electricy generation in a hydroelectric power station. Overall, it is a reversible process that is highly dependent on water flow and mechanical technologies. The station operates in a completely different manner at nights than in days. 

The electricity generation happens in days. In the first stage, the water behind the dam, known as high-level reservoir, is flowed into a intake that is open in days to turn reversible turbines. Upon reaching turbines, they will be rotating, leading to generating power by a generator. Electricity produced in this stage will be introduced to power lines that are connected to national grid. After rotating the turbines, water will be stored in a low-level reservoir in a lower altitude.

At nights, water from the low-level reservoir is pumped into the that of high-level with the help of the reversible turbines. After leaving the power station, the water is directed to the high-level reservoir behind the dam for electricity generation in the next day.






Task 2:


Some people say that music is a good way of bringing people of different cultures and ages together.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Write at least 250 words.






It is suggested that music can connect various people from different age group and cultures. However, I completely disagree with this view because of the people's of taste of music and their unique dancing style.

The first reason for my opposition is related to trends in music. Each decade witnessed its own special type of music. Various generation grown up listening to their hits. For instance, jazz became popular in the 70s or hip-hop was born in the late 80s. People's interest in each type of music are inextricably intertwined with what was popular in their adolescence. For example, barely do we see a 70-year-old woman listens to rap or many 20-year-olds play Bach in their CD players. Therefore, as these types of music have little common features with each other, it is challenging to find a song that satisfy all age groups interest. Some people cannot even stand listening to others' favorite. Thus, it is highly unlikely that music will bring different ages together.

In addition, the lack of mutual understanding of dancing style of other cultures can impede togetherness. One of the main purpose of playing music is to dance with it. Due to the fact that different cultures were isolated and almost were not influenced by others, their people created their unique dancing style. To illustrate, persian music involes higher tempo that is suitable for movements with hips and hands, south American for more intensive and energetic movements with legs, and Argintanian for more romantic couple dance. Not only is it challenging for Persian people, for instance, to dance with south American music, but also some movements might even be funny and absurd to them. Hence, rarely can we find a music that is proper for various cultures to dance with.

In conclusion, I firmly disagree with the notion that music can connect people from different ages and cultures for two main reasons: first, every generation has developed their own favorite type of music, which generally is in contrast to others' in style. Additionally, as dancing is a striking feature of music, people from different cultures cannot dance together as they do not know each other's dancing movements.

























