Task 1:6

The chart below shows the movement of people from rural to urban areas in three countries and predictions for 2025


The chart demonstrates how many people (in millions) left countryside to live in urban areas in Iran, Indonesia, and Russia from 2000 to 2024 along with its projection for 2025.


Overall, the rate of changing in lifestyle is much sharper in Iran and Russia compared to indonesia. Also, Even though people in Indonesia were less reluctant for this movement, Russian and Iranian people have been embracing it pretty well.

Indonesia accounted for the least number of movement from rural to urban areas, except for 2000 to 2006 where Iran was the lowest. Despite this, the trend in Indonesia was upward, meaning that more people have been moving to city centers. It started from 10 million and after a pretty-steady rise reached to 30 million, where it is expected to remain constant in the future. 

The adaptation pattern in Russia and Iran was relatively similar to each other. The number in former started from almost 15 million and reached nearly 82 million in 2024, decreased in its growth rate after reaching 70 millions in 2015. Likewise, Iran's trend roughly experienced the same trend. Although the rate of migration was conspicuous until 2005, it rose sharply onward. This increase is predicted to continue in 2025.







Task 2:6.5-7


In the last decade, there has been an increase in the number of variety of online courses available to adults. While welcomed as a great opportunity by many students, other student see these courses as a poor substitute for classroom teaching.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of studying an online course.


In the last decade, the prevalence of various online courses makes the life of many students easier bacause of their flexibility in time and replaying features. Yet, the opposed group favor the traditional teaching system at classrooms because of the negative features such as non-interactive nature and lack of feedback.

On the positive side, they are easy to access, almost with no limitation with regard to time. In other words, adults can create space and set aside a time to watch a variety of coruses that they are interested in. For instance, an employee who works at days can watch those materials just before sleeping in bed. Furthermore, the possibility of rewatching them is a great opportunity to enhance learning. If anything was unclear, pupil can play it again, even up to 100 times since there is no limit. Students, also, can watch them during the semester in case they forgot any detail. Such advantages are not achievable with traditional classrooms.

On the negative side, however, not being interactive, might pose a challenge for students. In simpler terms, the process of learning will be most effective if it is followed by real-time questions and feedbacks. To illustrate, if some parts of the lecture was not clear for students, they cannot ask for clarification. Moreover, not being held in classroom, it is also problematic for teachers. Lecturers rely on class for progression on the subject. They will continue with the process only if students understood the topic, which is clear from the pupils' facial expression. This lack of feedback might affect the quality of giving a lecture. Thus, students cannot learn as effective as possible.

In conclusion, online course is like a double-edge sword. Even though the ease in access and convenience in the style of watching makes it a popular choice among people, the lack of interactivity and possible lower teaching quality, stems from the unavailablity of facial expressions, deter some people from using them.
























