Task 1:

The chart below show the number of Japanese tourists travelling abroad between 1985 and 1995 and Australia's share of the japansese tourist market.



The given bar graph demonstrates how many Japanese tourists traveled to foreign destinations between 1985 and 1995. The line graph illustrates what portion of the Australian tourist market came from Japan. Overall, it is clear that number of Japanese tourists are consistently increasing. Similarly, Australia's share of Japanese people has a positive trend.

 
The number of people traveling abroad from Japan almost doubled from 5 million in 1985 to just above 11 million in 1990. It then continued to rise After an inconspicuous decline, to roughly 10 million in the year 1991, and reached its all-time-high in 15 million in 1995.


Turning to the line graph, the volatility is much more than the previous one. Before 1985, none of the tourists in Australia were Japanese. However, this changed and Japan's people started to visit Australia. This trend continued until 1988 where 4.8% of Australia's market was Japanese. The interesting point is the sharp fall between 1988 to 1989. Although number of Japanese tourists increased 1 million in that period, Australia lost almost 1% of its Japanese tourists. Numbers had a consistent rise from 1989 and reached 6% in 1994. Interestingly, data for the year 1995 was not available.


Task 2:

Popular events like the football World Cup and other international sporting occasions are essential in easing internations tensions and releasing patriotic emotions in a safe way.


Major international sports events are popular these days. Some might argue that they are beneficial for supporters to break the tension or support their country in a healthy way without hurting others. In this essay, I will articulate my reasons for disagreement with this statement and explain why they are not as effective as they should be.


Even though events like World Cup are a healthy way of competing against each other, 
I cannot see reasonable answers to why these events could help to alleviate tensions or release negative emotions of their citizens against each other. While supporters might obey the rules of the game and do not act violently in it, they still could have problems with others. Easing tensions requires negotiation and nothing else would help to address it. Similarly, it would be unlikely for people to show safe patriotic feelings if they had issues with their rival. A known example of it is the recent fight that took place in a match between Argentina vs Brazil in the stadium during Copa America where world witnessed a brutal fistfight between their supporters.


On the other hand, some people argue that sporting events are created to bring friendship among countries. This generally could be achieved by spending time with others. Although they are rivals through the match, after it is finished, they can have beers and talk about what happened in the game as friends. However, I believe this scenario is unlikely to happen if two sides have high-tension diplomatic relationships. Others might say that tournaments like these are safe way for people to release their patriotic feelings by screaming and supporting their countries. They believe that this would limit the negative scenes such as racism. Nevertheless, I believe that racism and showing patriotic emotions in a negative way can not be stopped by participating in these matches. If people did not like each other, they would act racist even during the match by chanting and cussing against other countries. 

In summary, even though international sporting occasions are created to bring friendship and ease the tension among countries, In my opinion, they are not effective. People who do not like each other will disrespect their opponents even during the match. Easing tensions requires diplomatic talks.











