Task 1:6(6-6.5-6.5-6)

The graph below gives information about the percentage of the population in four Asia countries living in cities from 1970 to 2020, with predictions for 2030 and 2040.




The line graph demonstrates what portion of citizens lived in the city from 1970 to 2020 in four Asian countries as well as its projection for the next 20 years.

Overall, the percentages of those who live in cities has consistently increased over the past years in all given countries, and it is expected to continue rising. Notably, patterns in Malaysia and Indonesia are alike; also, Thailand and Philippines have experienced the same trend.

Malaysia and Indonesia are among those countries which their citizens have embraced living in the city more than other countries. In 1970, 12% of the former and 30% of the latter's population lived in the city. These percentages rose similarly until 1990 where they both increased sharply, the thing that did not happen for Thailand and Philippines. After that, these percentages continued to rose where it reached nearly 75% for Malaysia and almost 50% for Indonesia in 2020. Moreover, these patterns are forecasted to continue and it is predicted to reach above 80% for the former and above 60% for the latter one.


Thailand and Philippines, also, experienced a similar trend. While both of them increased from roughly 20% (Thailand) and 31% (Philippines) in 1971 to nearly 28% (Thailand) and 50% (Philippines) in 1990, these percentages declined in both of them. Although the latter dipped to almost 40% in 2010, the former experienced a more subtle decrease. After that year, the percentages in both countries started to rise and is predicted to reach above 50% for Philippines and nearly 50% for Thailand in 2040.














Task 2:6.5-7(6-7-7-6)

In many countries, people are now living longer than ever before. Some people say an aging population creates problems for governments. Other people think there are benefits if society has more elderly people. 

To what extent do the disadvantages of having an aging population outweigh the disadvantages?



Due to recent advances, people's life expectancy has increased. While some people believe this would pose a challenge for governments as this phenomenon may cause lack of labor in the economy and healthcare-related issues, others think having older people in society is beneficial. 

There are two main issues that having an aging population can cause for governments. The first one is the availability of labor. In other words, governments need young and strong workforce for their projects. The elderly cannot do this job since such workers are often, or in most cases should be, young men with high physical strength or mental ability. Furthermore, providing healthcare is another major problem for governments. This is as because as humans age, they require more medical attention. Providing healthcare for a large group of old people can put governments in jeopardy. For instance, the risk of having certain diseases will increase as individuals get older. Hence, older generation need regular check-ups, and such experiments are often expensive.

Despite the aforementioned challenges, the opposing group argues that society can benefit from the experience of such human beings. Simply put, the elderly have lived a life full of accidents, challenges, and witnessed many things, which might contain many valuable lessons that could be shared. For instance, they have seen many political problems among countries; ones that caused a war or convinced other countries to impose a sanction on others. By listening to old people's advice in this respect we can prevent possible disasters.

In my opinion, although the elderly can guide society by being consultants, such services are not needed anymore. Today, researchers use scientific methods to analyze everything including the relationship between countries and determining societal policies. Thus, I believe this advantage is not significant, and the drawbacks of having aging people, in fact, outweigh its benefits.

In conclusion, despite the fact that some people argue elderly people can add value to our society by offering valuable pieces of advice, I cannot help but to disagree with that. This is because, the disadvantages of having them, namely, challenges in providing healthcare for them and less labor are more pronounced.
























