Task1:

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

The following table shows the number of people from five European nations living in each other’s countries in 2011.

You should write at least 150 words.






The table illustrates how many people from five European countries, namely Britain, Germany, Italy, Poland, and Spain, lived in each others' country in 2011.

Overall, although the Polish lived elsewhere more than any other nation, The least number of British was living in another country in 2011. In comparison, while Poland had the lowest number of residents from other nations, it was Germany who hosted the most European people from other countries.


Germany was the most popular destination for the given European people, with just below 1.2 millions residents, closely followed by Britain with just above 1 million in 2011. Even though most of the unindigeous people living in Germany was Italian, with 556,000 people, Polish occupied Britain more than other nations, at 550,000. Likewise, Spain also stood out in the third position with 861,000 people, mostly British at 391,000 people.

In contrast, Poland was the least popular place for other people from the given countries, with only 6 thousand people, which 4,400 of them were from Germany and only 170 people were from Spain. In the second position of the least popular destination was Italy with nearly 2 hundred thousands people, mostly comprises Polish and British.
  








Task 2:


You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

It is important for all towns and cities to have large public outdoor places like squares and parks. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?

You should write at least 250 words.







It is believed that large public places, such as parks and city squares, is needed in every city. I firmly support this view as having them can strengthen the local economy and be a mental boost for indigenous people.

The first and foremost benefit of having such developments is their capabilites in attracting other people. Should a town has a spectacular outdoor square, a monument for example, tourists, either from other cities or other countries, will come to visit that area. This happens because hearing or observing about that facility on the media would make them curious and eager to take a picture with it. As a result of that visit, they would spent money there, for example for accommodation or their basic needs, which in turn, would help local businesses to thrive. Hence, having such structures would help the local economy.


Additionally, the recreational use of those outdoor places is another positive point. Families, for instance, can spend high-quality time in their neighbourhood park. People would decide to go for a picnic, or even for a walk, there since it is an inexpensive activity, compared to other alternatives such as movie theatres. Furthermore, in some towns there is fewer facilities, leaving almost no other option for families. Spending time with family in parks also is one effective way to alleviate the stress, stemming from their hectic lives. This stress reduction happens as a result of being close to their loved ones, which can boost their mood. Therefore, parks, as a cheap leisure activity, can be crucial for people's mental health.

In conclusion, I completely agree with the idea of having vast outdoor places in towns because of two primary reasons. First, it can gravitate tourists whom spending is significant for the development in the local economy. In addition, those amenities can be excellent places for families to relax in the weekends with their children because of their inexpensiveness.







































