Task 1: 6.5

The plans below show the layout of a university’s sports centre now, and how it will look after redevelopment.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
Write at least 150 words.








The plans depict the currect layout of a sports center of a university as well as its future look after developments. Overall, although the main indoor section will generally remain unchanged, it will be widen, and new facilities are to be included.

At the present, there are two outdoor courts in either sides of the center, which are planned to be changed in the future. Notably, despite numerous changes, the main part of the center will remain almost unchanged, including pool, changing room, reception, and seating. The only change in this area would be gym which is to be lengthen.

In the future, numerous facilities are to be added to the sports center. A new leisure pool on the west side of the center adjacent to changing rooms will take the place of the western outdoor courts. In addition, a new cafe and a sports shop are to be opended just on the either sides the enterance close to changing rooms in front of the reception. The other outdoor courts on the east will give their place to sports hall and dance studios.




Task 2: 7 7 7 6

In spite of the advances made in agriculture, many people around the world still go hungry.
Why is this the case?
What can be done about this problem?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.




It is believed that despite the availability of numerous advancements in agriculture, many people are dealing with hunger. While human greed and extreme weather are the main causes of this, there are possible solutions.


Undeniably, climate change and middlemen are the reasons why this problem is widespread. Poor climate have an adverse effect on agriculture. For instance, poor weather conditions, such as storm and drought, affect harvesting, tremendously diminishing the yield. This reduction will make food less available, thus, may cause starvation. In addition to that, middlemen could pose problems. Having bought farmer's products, they will sell them for a higher price for personal gain. Farmers also agree to do business with them since by doing this, they will not undergo challenges like finding demand or proper transportation for their goods. Hence, natural disastors along with human greed cause this problem. 


However, despite these hurdles, there exist numerous solutions that governments are capable to do. In global scale they can manage food shortage by international trade. That is, to export whatever that can be cultivated in their country to import essential items that are needed. For instance, in a cold geography, they can sell local fish to purchase wheat, which will be hard to harvest there. Furthermore, there are possible measures in local scale. First, governments should cut the middleman by improving infrastructures, such as proper and affordable transport for farmers. Additionally, they can reduce uncertainty in demand by distributing future contracts, which allow farmers to sell their goods for an agreed price in a predertermined day. This would dissuade farmers from sharing their profit with the middlemen who do not add any value to the supply chain.

In conclusion, despite the existance of cutting-edge technologies in agriculture, challenges such as adverse weather condition and inefficiency in agricultural supply chain left many people hungery. Nevertheless, governments by wisely trading with other countries, improving infrastructures, and diminishing uncertainty in the market can alleviate this situation.




 

























