Task 1:7(7-7-7-6.5)

The chart below shows the percentage of households in owned and rented accomodation in England and Wales between 1918 and 2011.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The chart demonstrates what portion of people rented or owned a place in England and Wales between 1918 and 2011.

overall, the proportion of people who rented a house was decreasing, though a smooth rise can be seen at the end of the period, while owning a place was garnering popularity.

People started to lose interest in renting a place and began to have their own houses in England and Wales. In 1918, almost 78% of citizens in England and Wales rented a place whereas this percentage was only nearly 22% for ownership. However, this trend has changed, and while the former consistently decreased, the latter had a gradual rise until 2001. In 2001, accomodation ownership reached its peak at almost 70% while renting a place dipped to approximately 30%. One pronounced point is their equivelance in the year 1971 when the half of the people rented a house and the other half bought one. Even though the trend reversed from 2001, it was inconspicuous. Despite an-almost-5% rise in the number of rents, ownerships diminished by the exact same amount.








Task 2:6.5(7-6.5-6-6): GPT you gotta be kidding me; 7 in TA??:XD


Some people beleive that nowadays we have too many choices.

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement.



People have many options to select in recent years. This is as a result of improvements in the economy and advancements in marketing techniques.

The first and foremost reason for facing with multiple choices today is that people are getting richer. In simpler terms, the average income of each person has increased since 20 years ago, and because of that they demand new materials. Thus, having realized this opportunity, companies are offering new products or new version of goods. For instance, although most cars were the same when Henry Ford started to offer them to people, consumers ask for new models and new colors with more options as they found themselves capable of paying for such wishes; a scenario which was not possible before.

The next crucial reason why we are given many choices today are matketing tricks. In other words, by increasing the number of features associated with a product, companies are manipulating consumers that an existed good is different; yet, only a minor feature might has changed. To illustrate, Apple is releasing new phones every year; however, in some models, the only alteration is the rearrangement of cameras. While this leads to more choices for us, they are just created to trick us to buy the same product. A simpler example of this scenario could be adding a new mix of colors to cars to change their label to a sport car in Iran. Companies in Iran paint the hood and doors of a car by red while other parts stay black. They sell this exact same vehicle for a higher price. It is fair to mention that this technique has been successful.

In conclusion, today we are facing many choices in our daily lives. Although a large portion of this phenomena is emerged because of the rise in people's wealth, some of them are just psychological tricks that companies used to pursue consumer to buy recently launched products.






























