Task 1: 6.5-7

The chart below shows the amount spent on six consumer goods in four European countries.



The given chart demonstrates how much is spent on six common products namely, stereos, racquets, perfumes, CDs, toys and film in Germany, Italy, France and Britain. Overall, Britain spent more on all goods compared to the other European countries. Apparently, photographic film is the most popular product among other goods and is the most wanted good in France and Britain.

Starting from the most popular goods namely CDs, Toys and film, there is a clear pattern in the data. For each of the aforementioned goods Britain spent the most, where the record for spending is 170 thousand pounds for the film, France has the second position, followed by Italy and Germany in the third and the fourth place, respectively. In addition, CDs and films with almost 145 thousand pounds are the least popular product in Germany. Interestingly, France and Italy paid the same for the toys with just below 160 thousand pounds.

Regarding the other unmentioned goods, Britain surpassed other countries in spending money on all of them. The noticeable point is that countries did not follow the pattern from the previous goods. Although Britain is still the leader, Italy has the second position followed by Germany and France in the third and the fourth positions, respectively. Least amount of spending is related to France with buying 142 thousand pounds worth of racquets, which is the least among all other goods and the most spending is affiliated with Britain with 160 thousand pounds. 






Task 2:6

When a country develops its technology, the traditional skills and ways of life die out. It is pointless to try and keep them alive.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion.

You should use you own ideas and knowledge and experience and support your arguments with examples and relevant evidence.


Adaptation to the technology is a hot topic to debate in the recent years. While some might say that our lives would not change after the dawn of cutting-edge technologies, I firmly believe that our way of living will be altered after introducing them. We should embrace these changes and there is no point in keeping them alive.


Novel technologies are being developed to have impacts and change our lives either directly or indirectly. If this were not the case, what would be the reason behind development of such means? Some of these mediums are designed for doing common tasks such as summarizing long pages or writing emails for us. Although people still can summarize papers, it is pointless to do since by the use of technology they can be more productive. Some of the changes are more indirect and affect our way of living. For instance, one of them is reading paper-based newspapers. Today everyone can read it in a traditional way but nobody would because it would be more expensive, time-consuming and inconvenient.

All told, some skills or styles of living will not die. Technology cannot change everything and there are plenty of things that it cannot effect. One of them that is related to people's lifestyle is exercising. People have to work out to be healthy, and no matter how we improve in tech-related areas, this is a habit that have to be kept alive forever. Furthermore, some traditional skills will still be relevant. For instance, problem-solving and reasoning are among them. Those are skills that people have been acquiring for a long period because they are crucial to our daily life. these skills and lifestyles should be kept alive because technology is not capable of replacing them.

In conclusion, even though I believe some traditional skills or ways of living will be fadded out and should not be done after new technological developments in a country, some habits or lifestyles such as going to the gym to be fit should be kept alive even after such advances.




