Task 1:
You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.
The diagram below shows the manufacturing process for making sugar from sugar cane.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The diagram illustrates how sugar is made from sugar cane. Overall, it is a seven-step process, consisting of mechanical and manual work. It comprise harvesting, collecting, preparing, and using a combination of devices to make sugar.

To make sugar, sugar canes have to grow up to 12 to 18 months. This is the longest stage compared to others. After cultivating them, they are harvested. Harvesting can be done via two methods, either by cutting them by hands, or by using agricultural machines. Regardless of the chosen method, harvested sugar canes will be brought to a factory for remaining stages.

From this point onward, the process become fully mechanical. In the first stage, those sugar canes will be crushed to collect their juice. Next, with the help of a limestone filter, the juice is purified. The purified juice is then evaporated using an evaporator to make syrup. Until this point, all steps are to make this syrup, which will be used to make sugar with a help of centrifuge, seperating sugar crystals from syrup. Finally, sugar is dried and cooled.
















Task 2: 7
Write about the following topic:
In their advertising, businesses nowadays usually emphasise that their products are new in some way.
Why is this? Do you think it is a positive or negative development?

It is common for companies to focus on new features of their products and to present them as clearly as they could. This might be because of people's interest in having new things. I firmly believe this is a positive trend that helps people.

The primary reason for this is people's interest in novelty. People only purchase those goods that they think nobody has. Should businesses do not emphasize on the new aspects of their products, people cannot know how and why they are new and different. As a result, they will not buy it. For instance, if a company launches a phone, incorporating a new technology in its camera, people will purchase the phone to be among the first who has it. Doing so, they will feel satisfied to show their phone to their friends. Thus, this is an effective advertising strategy, which encourages customers to spend their money.

Not only does this benefit the company, but it is also a positive trend that can help people. Being aware of the fact that the number of their sales is intertwined with introducing new features, research and development center of the business work harder. This efforts will cause competition among companies, heightening the standard of goods, which in turn, leads to better products. The existence of such higher-quality goods can make people's lives easier and more convenient. For example, it is because of taking these very small steps that today we have driverless cars. While first novel features were as simple as chairs with cooling system, adding all those new features together we have sophisticated vehicles now.

In conclusion, efforts to emphasize the novelty of their products is a well-known advertising method that encourage customer to buy more. From my point of view, this is a positive development since it creates a competitive market, encouraging researchers to build better products that make people's lives easier.



 





























