Task 1:6-6.5

The pie charts below show units of electricity production by fuel source in Australia and France in 1989 and 2000.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main feature sand male comparisons where relevant.


The pie charts illustrates how many units of electricity was produced by each type of fuel in Australia and France in 1980 and 2000. Overall, although coal is the fuel that was used the most in Australia, nuclear power was the main source of generating electricity in France. Seemingly, the use of hydro power and natural gas diminished severely in both countries.

Starting from the year 1980, half of electricity production was achieved by burning coal in Australia while only one fourth of it was used in France. Moreover, France consumed oil to produce 20 units,out of 90, of electricity, while only 10% of production was associated by using oil in Australia. Interestingly, France generated 15 unites of electricity by nuclear power while this source of energy was not used in Australia.

Shifting the attention to the year 2000, firstly, only 2 units of production, total of 4, is achieved in france either by using natural gas or hydro power energy while the use of natural gas was abandoned in Australia. While France provided 126 units from nuclear power, Australia did not even start to use this energy. Furthermore, Although the consumption of oil almost did not change in France, it reduced to 2% in Australia. Last but not least, 130 units, out of 170, of electricity is produced by burning coal in Australia while this number is 25 ,units out of 180, in France.






Task 2:7(7-7-6.5-6.5)


Some people think that universities should provide graduates with the knowledge and skills needed in the workplace. Others whink that the fucntion of a university should be to give access to knowledge for its own sake, regardless of whether the course is useful to an employer.
What, in your opinion, should be the main function of a university?




Today, the role of universities has been subjected to significant debate. Although some say that they should prepare students for job market, I think this should not be the only goal of universites. From my point of view, universities should have different approach for undergraduate and graduate students.

Universities are a place for producing knowledge, and its main function is to tackle real-world challenges. For instance, industrial engineers research transportation problems to lower the distribution costs, or biologists study bioinformatics to find a potential cure for a disease. This means that students should try new approaches or use theories in courses that is not needed in workplace. These activities, however, are the responsibilities of graduate students. In graduate level, therefore, universities should not focus on work skills since the ultimate aim is to generate knowledge.

On the other hand, it is said that preparing students for work has to be the main focus of universities. For example, many companies, nowadays, require a bachelor's degree to hire people. Due to this requirement, many students dedicate four years to obtain a degree while they have no intention to address real-world problems. Because of this, universities should pay more attention to general skills in the undergraduate level. While most of their curriculum have to be consisted of such skills, teaching general knowledge unassociated with jobs should not be totally disregarded. This is because students that wish to pursue academics can also have an equal opportunity to achieve their goals in the future.

In conclusion, in my opinion, funciton of universities vaires in different levels. Even though in undergraduate courses, they should focus more on practical skills, which is necessary for employers, in graduate levels they have to teach students how to generate knowledge to solve real-world problems. 























