Task 1:6(6-6-6-5.5)

The pie chart below shows the main reason why agricultural land becomes less productive. The table shows how these causes affected three regions of the world during the 1990s.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.



The pie chart demonstrates pivotal factors behind degradation of lands used for agriculture. The table, however, illustrates what percentage of land in each continent was damaged by these factors in 1990.

overall, the main reason for diminishing productivity was over-grazing. Moreover, the largest degraded land belonged to Europe, and the land in north America experienced the lowest degradation percentages.

Starting from the causes, over-gazing made 35% of the agricultural lands unusable. The second most detrimental factor was deforestation which destroyed 30% of land worldwide. Over-cultivation, also was responsible for 28% of land degradation. Furthermore, 7% of damages came from other sources which was not listed.

Shifting the attention to land loss with respect of each region, European land was affected the most among others. 23% of the land in Europe was lost because of the aforementioned reasons; among them, deforestation had the highest share with 9.8% while the over-grazing was the lowest factor by 5.5%. Furthermore, only 5% of the land in north America was destroyed, where deforestation was the lowest by 0.2% and over-cultivation was the highest by 3.3%. Interesting point is that no land was degraded by over-grazing in Oceania while 13% of the total land was degraded there.






Task 2:7 (7-6.5-7-6)

Some people think that parents should teach children how to be good members of society. Others, however, believe that school is the place to learn this.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.


Opinions are divided as to who has the responsibility to raise children to be useful citizens. Although some say it is either schools’ or parents’ obligation, I believe they have to cooperate with each other.

Parents are the most influential people to children; they will often listen and imitate their behavior. For instance, if a father has the habit of waiting for a green light to pass the crossroad, his son will also develop this attitude. This, therefore, makes it easier to teach children skills, which a good society member has. The examples of these skills could be being nice to elderly or offering seat to a pregnant woman. By showing that they do these things, children will learn the significance of them from their parents.

On the other hand, others argue that it is schools’ duty to equip children with such skills as they are created to educate them. Parents also may not have free time or incapable of teaching some concepts. To illustrate, in primary schools, children learn what is the law and how and why they should obey it in an understandable manner since they are professionals in transferring information. A mother might not be able to convince her child why she should follow the rules.

From my point of view, schools and parents have to collaborate with each other to raise children. In one hand, some law-related concepts like general rules of a state is challenging for parents to teach. On the other hand, there exist some things such as ethics, manners, attitudes that children have to be equipped with; yet there is not enough time in schools to teach them all, or it is better for children to learn them from their parents.

In conclusion, while some say it is either schools’ or parents’ duty to equip children with the above-said knowledge, which help them to be a good citizen, I firmly think that they have to help each other in nurturing them.













