writing 1:

The charts below show the changes in ownership of electrical appliances and amount of time spent doing housework in households in one country between 1920 and 2019.
summarise the informatino by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.


The given graphs demonstrate the alteration in possession of appliances such as washing machines, refrigerators and vacuum cleaners along with the changes in hours dedicated to run errands related to house such as washing and cleaning in one country from 1920 to 2019.

overall, two graphs depicts a negative correlation with each other meaning that as the number of acquiring electrical appliances increased, the number of hours needed to do housework decreased. Moreover, except for washing machines, other goods are adopted and accepted fastly by the people.

Regarding the first graph, trends for all the given goods are positive. The most outstanding adoption occured in the refrigerators. From their introduction in 1920, where no house had one, numbers showed a sharp and constant rise until 1980 when all households have one in thier houses. Similiarly, vacuum cleares experienced a steady growth from 30% in 1920 to 100% in 2000 and onward. In contrast to two aforementioned goods which reached 100%, highest number in washing machines were roughly 70% in 2019. it was not welcomed as much as other goods were and its number increased only by 30% from 1920.

Turning to the second chart, a clear downtrend can be seen in it. In 1920, 50 hours per week were needed to do work in houses. However, this number decreased sharply to 20 hours in 1960 and declined gradually onward. The interesting point is that this number never reached under 10 hours per week.









writing 2:


In some countries, more and more people are becoming interested in finding out about the history of the house or building they live in.

what are the reasons for this?
How can people research this?


Having in-depth knowledge regarding the historic aspects of people's houses is getting more attention recently. In some nations, it is common for people to research about the history of the flat or the apartment that they live in. This essay will examine the possible reasons and provide solutions that can ease the process of searching.

One possible reason to search about the history of the building is affiliated to fraud or mistakes in legal contracts. For instance, a house could be sold to several customers for more profit, or a legal documents related to an apartment might not have been registered properly in the systems. These issues could cause trouble and might have legal consequences for the current owner of the land. Researching for the history of these problems are in fact simple and straightforward. Owners should visit the municipality of their town and ask for informations on documents or possible owners of the land. The aforesaid organization has all the papers and would help the owners to proceed legally if one is needed.


Another problem that sometimes force people to ask about the history of their house is people in their vicinity. To illustrate further, people care about the environment of their living place, and by receiving feedbacks from others they can change it or adjust themselves accordingly. In contrast to the previous reason, the solution to research about this issue is quite simple, and its answer is the neighbors. For example, owners may ask their people in the neighborhood about the personality of the people who live in their apartment to determine what others think about them. If their neighbors were poor or known for criminal activities in the past, they could helped them or keep their distance from them, respectively. 

In conclusion, people in some countries are curious to know about the history of their houses. As mentioned, one of them could be because of the legal documents issues or be affiliated with law. In this case, they should demand information from municipality. Another reason is to be more familiar with true nature of their neighbors to help or avoid them. Possible source of informaiton in this case is people living nearby.
