Task 1:6.5(6.5-6.5-6-6)

The maps below show the center of a small town called Islip as it is now, and the plans for its development.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The maps indicate how the center of Islip town looks now and what changes are expected to happen after its development.

Overall, a new dual carriageway is going to be built which encircles the town, and the main road will only be used by pedestrians. Also, number of houses will increase and new north-side shops will get extended.

Starting off with new changes that are going to be added to the city. City decided to develop the town center by construction in the north side where countryside is currently located. A new bus station, parking lot, and housing are planned to be created instead of shops at the north of the town. Moreover, cars will not be allowed to pass through the main road; it will be for pedestrians only. Lastly, a new dual carriageway will be constructed circumscribing the town.

Turning to facilities that either will remain unchanged or will undergo minimum changes, school will stay exactly where it is now. Furthermore, east-side park will diminish in size, and some of its land will be utilized for houses. Finally, shops currently located below the main road will be remained unchanged.






Task 2:6.5(7-7-6-6)

At the present time, the population of some countries includes a relatively large number of young adults, compared with the number of older people.

Do the advantages of this situation outweigh the disadvantages?



Today, most people in many countries are young adults. Although some argue this would cause a challenge for governments, I believe it is a positive thing because having young individuals is pivotal for the economy.

Having a relatively young population can be beneficial in the economic development of a country. Firstly, most of workforce in countries are young adults. Young people can do a diverse range of mentally and physically challenging jobs which is necessary for the thrive of the economy. For example, most of workers in mines are young males. Needless to say that working in such environment is arduous. If labor for working in mines were scarce, goods would get expensive. This is because the output of mines is the raw material for all factories. Moreover, young adults have passion, ideas, and energy to test them. They can realize problems in society and solve them. For example, most new tech companies, which ease people's lives, are a group of young programmers. An example of such businesses is Uber which revolutionized people's transportation. 

On the other hand, having a large population of adults require providing several demands. If these needs are not addressed, it could cause problems. Young people are full of energy and they need to release that energy somehow. Stadiums, for instance, are one place that they can go to shout to empty themselves; concert facilities are another example. However, constructing such things demands lots of budget and resources. If these infrastructures were not erected, young people might get apathetic without a passion to work properly. Just like domino effect, this can affect the entire economy. Having said that, cheaper similar means can be provided for them. Examples of them could be creating bars and clubs, which are relatively cheaper to build, for them to drink and dance. 

In conclusion, even though some argue younger generation will get less enthusiastic if their certain expensive needs are not provided, I believe the advantages of having them can cover this downside. This is because they are useful labor for our economy who can make a country great with their physical and mental abilities.











