Task 1:



The pie charts illustrate how often various modes of transportation are used by commuters in a European city in 1959 and 2009. 

Overall, 






Task 2:

The percentage of overweight children children in western society has increased by almost 20% in the last decade. discuss the causes and effects of this disturbing trend.

It is believed that the population of obese children has grown by twenthy percents in western societies. From my perspective, extensively playing addictive, high-detailed video-games is the main source of this unpleasent trend. In addition, this unhealthy routine can undermine their health status in their adult years.

The main cause for observing this phenomenon is game industry which promotes sedentary lifestyle among juveniles. To clarify, in recent years, playing these games, which majorly targeted western children, indirectly has promoted inactive lifestyle. One perfect example of these activities is eye-catching video-games. These games have been designed to be as addictive as possible for the sake of profitability, particularly in western countries where houshold name companies have been operating. Having been spending long hours in front of the consoles, children will become overweight.

Additionally, this trend has tremendous detrimental effects on their health in their adulthood, chief among which is cardiovascular diseases. In other words, not being active in such a prominent stage of their life, where children shape their personality and beliefs, may become a habit. Once such habit created, the alteration of it will be challenging, if not impossible. This ignorance regarding the significance of exercising will damage their health since being active is the key factor to prevent cardiovascular diseases in later stages of their lives.

In conclusion, the creation of fabulous video-games explains the 20% rose in the number of overweight children in western countries. Moreover, not having an active lifestyle because of such amusing tools threaten their health when they grow up.
































