Task 1:6.5(6.5-6.5-6-6)

The two maps below show road access to a city hospital in 2007 and in 2010.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The map demonstrates how a person could go to a city hospital using roads in 2007 along with changes in the district in 2010.

Overall, although the main path of reaching to the hospital did not change, new facilities such as bus station, roundabouts, and a public car park additionally added to make the transportation and visiting easier.

To begin with, the core structure of the roads either did not change or underwent minimum changes. Ring road, which was encircled the city hospital, and City road, which was connected to the Ring road via Hospital rd, remained the same. The only change in roads was two roundabouts that were added to Hospital Rd intersections. Furthermore, the parking area dedicated to staff and public in 2007 changed to staff car park only in 2010.

However, some major changes can be seen from the map in 2010. The first one was adding a new area for public to park their cars in the east side of the hospital. Furthermore, all bus stops were removed and a new bus station was constructed that was connected to the two roundabouts.








Task 2:6.5:XDDDD(6.5-6.5-6-6)

Living in a country where you have to speak a foreign language can cause serious social problems, as well as practical problems.

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?


Speaking a second language in a foreign country, where immigrants live in, can pose sociological and practical challenges. There is no denying that these problems can sometimes become serious such as language barriers that can hinder making friends or legal issues stemming from not knowing specific words of the constitution.

First and foremost challenge that living in a place for people who do not speak its language can pose is misunderstanding legal documents. To simply put, in every country laws are stated extremely formally in a way that it might be problematic even for a native speaker to comprehend them. Consequently, since realizing laws of a country is a pivotal step in migration, not knowing them may lead to breaking the law, and as a consequence, they might heavily fined or even get deported. For instance, not realizing the laws of residency, those people may think they do not need to introduce themselves to municipality every year and as a result, they might get deported from that country in their second year.

Additionally, language barrier can affect how people, especially young ones, make friends in foreign countries. For instance, studies indicate that individuals who like to tell jokes to each other are much more closer than others. However, it is in the nature of jokes that it has metaphors, and recognizing them requires a high level of comprehension and experience. In other words, if the foreigners could not realize what others mean by a joke, native people might not want to become so close to them. This is because they eventually will get exhausted of explaining and breaking down the jokes for their friends, who do not speak their language. Furthermore, it conveys a negative atmosphere when people do not laugh at speaker's jokes; though this happens because they will not understand it.

In conclusion, in my view, language barriers may be problematic in various aspects for an outsider who lives in another country. One root cause of such issues is related to not interpreting laws well since the language used in the legal documents are usually sophisticated and formally written. Moreover, not realizing metaphorical language of people there, might stop them to find close friends since best friends would like to laugh by using such tools in their daily communication.











