Task 1:
The chart below shows the results of a survey about people's coffee and tea buying and drinking habits in five Australian cities.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.

The chart illustrates purchasing and drinking habits of tea and coffee of people living in 5 Australian cities, compiled from a survey. Overall, the majority of people prefer instant coffee over fresh one and have stopped at least once to at a cafe to drink a coffee or tea in the last 4 weeks. 


People in Brisbane and Adelaide have consumed less of those drinks compared to other cities. While near 55% of the former have drunk a coffee of tea in last 4 weeks, interestingly, only less than 50% of the latter have done so, which is unique feature among other cities. Notably, while the amount of purchases of fresh cofee in those cities have also been the lowest, with near 35% for both, a sizeable proporion of people have bought instant coffee, with almost 53% for the former and approximately 50% for the latter.


Residents of Melbourne stand in the first place for drinking habit with more than 62% of people consuming a sort of drink in the last 4 weeks. People in Hobart and Sydney stand in the second (with almost 61%) and third position (with more than 60%) respectively, closely following Melbourne. Regarding buying fresh coffee Residents of Sydney have the highest share, with nearly 44%, while, the smallest proportion of them (around 45%) have purchased instant coffee among other cities.







Task 2:
In some countries, owning a home rather than renting one is very important for people.Why might this be the case?Do you think this is a positive or negative situation?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Write at least 250 words




For some, owning a house is of greater importance compared to renting one. The main reason for this is financial benefits possessing a house can bring. However, I think this is a negative trend due to excessive risk.

The primary reason for this is considering home as an investment for future. Rarely do we hear news regarding the decline in house prices. This is because the amount of land on earth is fixed, unlike other assets or money. Due to this, no one can diminish its value by diluting it; the thing that Federal reserve has been doing with the fiat currency or ancient societies did with gold by adding impurities. Hence, it is a solid investment which can be liquied for emergency cases, helping people in difficult situaitons.

Despite this advantage, I believe this has negative implications. Since houses are expensive, the majority of people can only afford one for themselves. Due to this, they are not diversifying their portfolio, exposing themselves to various forms of risks. For instance, were their house to burn in fire, they would lose everything. However, if this were to happen for a family living in a renting place, the maximum damage would be the stuff within their place, which would be much easier to purchase compared to reconstructing the house. therefore, people who rent houses are not responsible for the damage caused by natural disasters, unlike real estate owners.

In conclusion, because people consider houses as a type of investment, they prefer to ownership instead of renting one. Yet, this involves a great risk for owners compared to tenant: They are tolerating more risk associated with unwanted damage caused by natural disasters such as fire or earthquakes.

































