Task 1:


The chart below shows how frequently people in the USA ate in fast food restaurants between 2003 and 2013.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant



The chart illustrates how often the US people eat in fast food restaurants in three years: 2003, 2006, and 2013. 

Overall, although there seems to be no clear pattern regarding the change in habit over the years, a considerable amount of people in the US tended to have unhealthy diet, eating fast foods several times a month or at least once a weak.

A lower proportion of them tended to avoid going to such restaurants. Only 5% of them never consumed fast food in 2003, and this percentage declined to almost 4% for 2006 and 2013. In comparison, 15% of them eat in those restaurants occassionally during a year in 2006 and 2013, whereas almost 13% of them ate like this in 2003. 

In contrast, a larger proportion of US people ate fast foods once or twice a week or a month. While the figures for eating once a week ranged from almost 27% to 33% in the given period, it varied from 25% to almost 33% for eating monthly habit, which was the highest number recorded. It is also noteworthy that the largest variation was in this group.

Notably, only a few percentage of people claimed that they consumed fast foods regularly, with less than 4% in all years. Despite this, during these years, approximately 17% of them tend to go to fast food restaurants several times a week.
















Task 2:

In a number of countries, some people think it is necessary to spend large sums of money on constructing new railway lines for very fast trains between cities. Others believe the money should be spent on improving existing public transport.
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.



It is suggested that it is of utmost significance that the government invest huge sums of money in infrastructures for faster trains between cities. I completely support this approach and I think this is a better decision compared to improving current public transport.

On the one side, many would argue that traveling between cities with faster trains saves a lot of time. For instance, it can make the life of those students who are studying far away from their home or people interested in having a vacation in other cities much easier. Since railway is the most efficient and inexpensive mode of transportation between cities, it is the first choice for them. But, they spend most of the time in those vehicles. In some cases they might spend almost a day on road for a 3-day trip. Hence, constructing new railway lines for faster trains is a big deal for them.

On the other hand, others think that seldom does one travel like that in their lives. However, people are using public transport every day. Therefore, they believe it is better to invest in existing transportation. Although, measures like adding new vehicles such as buses or constructing new roads cannot save as the same amount of time as the aforementioned approach, it can still be effective. When considered all of these small reductions in transportation time (time being wasted in busses in traffic for example), we can see a noticeable cumulative improvement over a period.

From my perspective, having faster trains between cities is a better suggestion. This is because while it is true that people are not using them regularly, it is annoying to be on the road for 7 or 10 hours without no internet, no hobby, or even no proper equipment to sleep.

In conclusion, even though improving current public transport can benefit the majority of people, I firmly believe that investing in constructing new railways for faster trains is the right decision. This can save a considerable amount of travelers' time. 































