Task 1: 6


The charts below show the changes in ownership of electrical appliances and amount of time spent doing housework in households in one country between 1920 and 2019.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
Write at least 150 words


The first chart gives information about the proportion of households that possess three electrical appliances from 1920 to 2019. The second chart illustrates how much time per week was required to do houseworks during the aforementioned period.

Overall, as ownership increased, the number of hours of weekly housework declined correspondingly. In addition, while the ownership of refrigerators and vacuum cleaners become prevalent, less percentage of households owned washing machines.

There were no refrigerators in houses in 1920, whereas 30% and 40% of households owned vacuum cleaners and washing machines, respectively. Interestingly, this changed and refrigerators took over the other two appliances in 1940, and by the early 1980s, every household had at least one refrigerator in their houses. Similarly, numbers in vacuum cleaners also rose, but not as sharply as refrigerators, and reached 100% in 2000. 

In contrast, figures in washing machines were completely different from the other appliances. Even though it was the most common appliance among others in 1920, it became the least popular one from 60s onwards, with only around 70% of houses had one in 2019.

Along with the adoption of these appliances, the number of weekly housework declined accordingly. Although in 1920, 50 hours was needed to do this, this has dramatically decrease to 20 in the early 60s. After that, it continued to diminish, reaching almost 10 hours, but at a slower rate prior to 1960.


 









Task 2: 7 7 7 6 =>6.5



In some countries, more and more people are becoming interested in finding out about the history of the house or building they live in.
What are the reasons for this?
How can people research this? 
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.


It is suggested that researching about the history of one's house has been gaining popularity in many countries. Safety and awreness are key factors for this. However, determining the best sourse to find out about this information might be a real challenge.

There might be various reasons why people want to find out about the history of their houses. The first and foremost is construction issues. They want to know whether the matrial used for the construction of their houses is reliable. For example, if during a period of heavy snow in the past, the roof was damaged, this might indicate that the roof is fragile and is susceptible to future threats. Therefore, they know they must prepare themselves for that weather condition. In addition, safety could be another concern, particularly for those whole are living in buildings. They want to make sure that their neighbors are not dangerous individuals. Previous brutal fights, drug trafficking, and so forth are among those examples that may show they are not living in a safe house or building.

Although reasons for this may be somewhat obvious, it is not a straighforward of a task to find reliable sources. While they can search through legal documents, access to them is a challenging task. Those events are either not recorded, or are confidential. Instead, residents could ask from the olds. They have been living in that place for a while, and they are aware of such events. To illustrate, almost no one would forget a night in which the police crowded the alley.  

In conclusion, people are interested in the history of their living spaces generally so as to be cautious about possible dangers that might be threathening them, either those that could be related to construction issues or their neighbors. Additionally, asking from the elderly living nearby is a good approach to research this.




























