Task 1:6.5(6-7-6-7)

The graph below shows the quantities of goods transported in the UK between 1947 and 2002 by four different modes of transport.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The given graph demonstrates the amount of transported products that was done via various channels of transportation in the UK between 1974 and 2002. Overall, most of the delivering was done with roads and pipelines were the least popular methods to deliver goods. Furthermore, the transported quantity in all modes rose from their initial value. 

Starting from two of the most popular methods of transportation, namely water, and road, both of these modes rose in quantity. Delivered goods via roads started from almost 70 million tonnes in 1974 and after an almost-consistent increase, reached nearly 100 million in 2002. Water, however, somehow experienced different path. It started from 40 million in 1974, rose to nearly 60 million and remained there from 1982 to 1994. After a small dip to almost 55 million tonnes in 1998, it sharply increased to more than 63 million tonnes in 2002.

Turning to the remained modes, pipeline had the lowest quantity, starting from almost 5 million and ended with a smooth and gradual increase at roughly 20 million. Rails, on the other hand, was the only mode that decreased conspicuously in value regardless of the fact that it started from 40 million in 1974 and finished at 41 in 2002. The quantity transported via this mode dipped at 25 million, almost halved, in 1995, which was the largest fall throughout the period among others.







Task 2:(7-6.5-6.5-6)
In some countries, the average weight of people is increasing and their levels of health and fitness are decreasing.

What do you think are the causes of these problems and what measures could be taken to solve them?


The overall increase in average weight of people, which has caused by unhealthy habits, has been a great concern in recent years. In this essay, I will review the most important causes for this phenomenon along with proposing measures to alleviate this situation.

Being overweight or having a poor health condition is caused by two crucial reasons. The first one is sedentary lifestyle, which prevents us from being active during day. In modern days, almost all people such as bankers or regular employees have to sit behind a desk to do their jobs. Although one could say that it might be irrelevant since they can exercise after work, people would be too exhausted to workout after it. The second cause is social media, which distracts us from achieving important goals in our lives. In other words, people are too busy scrolling pages that they do not find enough time to donate to their health. To illustrate, one may prefer to spend an hour checking Instagram and order pizza, which is an unhealthy food, for dinner while he could dedicate 30 minutes to prepare a healthy alternative for himself. These problems, though have possible solutions.

There are several measures that can be taken to solve these challenges. One of them is to encourage people to workout by providing financial incentives. Since these encouragements are effective, people will take them seriously. A real-world example of this policy that actually happened in an European country, in which government would not charge for bus tickets if a passenger managed to do 20 squats. The second solution is to provide healthier foods for people. As we know that people do not like to abandon checking social media to prepare a healthy dinner for themselves, healthy alternatives should be cheaper to persuade people to order them instead of fast foods. The government can also tax unhealthy foods to double the effect of this approach. By doing this, people will at least order harmful dinners less often.

In conclusion, modern lifestyle along with new technologies, which act as distractions in our lives, are the causes for being overweight and having poor health; Nevertheless, these challenges have answers. To improve the situation, government should subsidize healthy foods and provide encouragement for people to workout more often.
























