Task 1:5.5

The table below gives information about the underground railway systems in six cities.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparison where relevant.


The given table illustrates how large the subway systems of 6 various countries are along with other informations such as the number of travelers per year, length of routes, and the day that they opened.

Overall, London has the oldest underground network, which is also the longest one, and the newest subway system is located in Los Angeles. Moreover, the highset number of people use Tokyo's subway every year.


Starting from the oldest railway systems, London's subway started working from 1893. Almost 40 and 60 years after that, Paris and Tokyo built their own subway, respectively. Interestingly, as men build newer railways, their length decreased. Although London is 394 kilometers long, Paris and Tokyo are 199 and 155 kilometers long, respectively. Regarding to the amount of passengers they carry every year, even though London's and Paris' railway carries 775 and 1191 million people per year, 1927 person per year use Tokyo's subway system, which is the largest in the entire data.

Turning to the relatively newer systems, Washington's was built in 1976 and Kyoto was built 5 years after that. The former one has a length of 126 kilometers while Kyoto is only 11 meters long. Although 144 passengers uses Washington subway, only one-third of this amount travel with the latter one. 

Finally, Los Angeles is the newest subway in the table which was built in 2001. From length and capacity perspectives, it is superior to Tokyo. Its length is 28 kilometers and it help to relocate 50 millions passengers every year.

Task 2:6.5

Research indicates that the characteristics we are born with have much more influence on our personality and development than any experience we may have in our life.

Which do you consider to be the major influence?




Studying the creation of the people's personality is a famous topic in the academics. Nowadays, many scientists argue that the most important factors which define who we are, are inherited to us, and the experiences that we have in our life have minor effects on our development. However, I do not agree with this point, and from my point of view, it is our experiences and feedbacks that we get from the outside world that shape our attitudes.



Humans learn by trial and error. We are learning by interacting with others, and it is our experiences from different scenarios that shape our personality. Moreover, what happens in the childhood can drastically change our adulthood. If children are born with positive characteristics, a bad memory or an unpleasant event such as a childhood trauma can alter this dramatically. For instance, if the father of a child was an excellent swimmer and was good under the water, by the false logic shown by researchers, his child should be a potentially good swimer. Nevertheless, having a bad experience in his early age, such as losing a family member under the water, can prevent the boy from swimming ever again.


On the other hand, studies demonstrate that what we are born with determine who we will become in the future. Researchers draw this conclusion by observing the relationship of children and their parents. This is achieved by watching the relevant features in the personality of adolescents and their parents to see how their attitudes correlate with each other. In my opinion, this approach is not robust since they are not considering the situation that the child lived and grew. While parents and children can approve this hypothesis to some extent, this is because they both almost grow in the same neighborhood and time period. There are many other possible factors that can shape the personality of children and researchers do not take them into account.


In conclusion, although scientists say the attributes that we are born with are the most crucial ones when it comes to our development, I strongly disagree with this fact because of several reasons. Firstly, their methods of experimenting and concluding are not reliable. Moreover, what we experience as a juvenile can dictate how we age and a specific situation may change our personality for good.

















