writing 1:

The given map indicates the changes that village of Stokeford had undergone from 1930 to 2010. Overall, the houses and population of the city increased by a signigicant amount and farmlands that used to be almost everywhere in Stockford totally vanished from the map.



To begin with, it is obvious from the map that the general structure of city did not change. For instance, River Stoke , which was circumscribed the town like a belt, and the bridge that river goes under it, had not changed at all. Also, The position of the roads did not change conspecuously except for small branching in some areas. Furthermore, primary school just expanded a bit in 2010 and left where it was in 1930. Finally, the post office remained exactly the same.


On the other hand, the town undergone several changes. The biggest ones that can be mentioned are number of houses and farmland. The amount of the houses that had been erected from 1930 till 2010 almost triplled. Furthermore, farmlands disapeared from the map and replaced with the houses or empty lands. In addition, a large house with a garden in the middle of the map shrinked in size and replaced with the a retirement home.



writing 2:


Today, the exponantially growth rate of pupolation of earth is considered to be the greatest challenge humanity is facing. But, in how extent this problem is serious?; what are the cues that leaded us to this insane amount of population?



In modern days, almost everything is easy to access and an individual can easily achieve and provide what he desires as soon as possible. This fact is believed to be the most influential one among other possible reason for the current situation. A hungry man could eat a meal almost instantly, if he felt sense of hunger. A busy mother can hire a babysitter for his son when she have to work. Because everything is readily in reach, couples are encouraged to have more children since they do not need to worry about the difficulties. Furthermore human have made significant progresses in science including the medical field. Due to the aforementioned reason, life expectancy has increased. Diseases that would have been deadly in the last centries, today can be cured with taking a pill or with a simple injection. While some types of diseases like cancers become a common phenomenon, confronting them is also possible thanks to medical improvements. However, although these reason may benefit individuals, the earth and humans as a whole, would not benefit from it.




In my point of view, this is the greatest threat to man on this planet, due to the fact that we have limited resources and proving them such as required energy for broader audience would be a challenge. For instance, people need energy to warm themselves in winter, be cool in summers. While shortage of energy might not be seem a seious threat now, its lack of existance will become more transparent in the future years. For example, in the olden days, miner only had to drill a few inches to extract oils, but now extracting is only possible with the most sophisticated tools in the perticular areas. Another reason that is crystal clear is shortage of food; as currently government in the high-populated countries such as china is struggling with providing food for their people. Although it might not be a serious issue overall, as we going forward through time, countries will face this issue soon or later. Chineese people replace their meal with insects and basically eat whatever that is moving on earth. Moreover, even though one might say vagetables can be an alternative, planting and harvesting more vegetables would yeild a poorer condition for the soil and consequently less green foods.



To conclude, ease of life, scientific progresses and similar reasons, remove the barrier and difficulties in the modern society and due to these facts, people have been giving more birth more recklessly, causing an unbelievable growth rate in population and This is the seious issue that should be taken care of. 





The continued rise in the world's population in the greatest problem faced by humanity at the present time.

what are the causes of this continued rise?

Do you agree that it is the greatest problem faced by humanity?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examplesfrom your own knowledge or experience.



