Task 1:
was not readable



Task 2:6.5

Happiness is considerded very important in life.

why is it diffucult to define?

what factors are important in achieving happiness?



Being happy is the most important thing in our lives. However, defining what happiness is or how to achieve it, is challenging since there is no unanimous definition of it. Furthermore, there are many factors that can contribute to the level of the joy that we experience. In this essay, I will delve deeper into why it is hard to define and what possible factors can make us happy.



I believe as individuals, it is the achievement of our goals that makes us happy. However, as a complex species, we do not limit ourselves to one goal and always determine new ones for ourselves after accomplishing the previous ones. This makes it challenging since it places us in a loop that never ends. For instance, as students we dream to get excellent grades. Nevertheless, After completion, we do not care about it anymore and we will desire new things or define new goals. Furthermore, our standards and aims change while we grow, and the thing that we do care about now, might not be seen exciting few years later. For example, although teenagers usually have a tendency to ride a motorcycle, as they grow this desire fades and new goals such as having a car replace it. Therefore, even though it is the success in our goals that makes us happy, due to the constant alteration in us, it is difficult to maintain happiness.



However, There are some universal potential factors that can contribute to our overall sense of joy. One of them is the amount of money that we make. While it is famously said that the money cannot buy happiness, I believe this sentence does not have a practical application in many cases, and not having money will definitely makes us depressed. To exemplify, by having lots of money we might not feel happy but without it, we could bump into troubles such as lack of electricity, not having a safe place to live among others that will have a negative impact on mental health. Moreover, a worthy partner could be a determining factor. Since our partner is a person that we spend most of our time with, having a good one will help us to feel fulfilled.



In conclusion, from my point of view, although happiness can be seen as a reward for accomplishment of our dreams, it is still not clear to define since our goals and standards are constantly changing. Additionally, there are certain factors, such as high level of income, and a good relationship that can make us joyful in our lives.