Task 1:6

The table below shows the proportion of different categories of families
living in poverty in Australia in 1999.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features,
and make comparisons where relevant.


The given table demonstrates different types of families in Australia and the portion of those families who live in poverty in the year 1999. Overall, the least proportion of aged couples are below the poverty line whereas the highest portion of sole parent are living in poverty. Moreover, excluding proportions, the population of the couples with children are the highest and the aged couples are the lowest that are living in poverty.


Starting from the groups that the least percentage of them are living in poverty in the table, only 48,000 of aged couples have a tough situation. This means only 4% of them have a poor life condition. In the second best position, only 6% of the single aged person households, 54,000 of them in total, are in jeopardy. Moreover, 7% of the couples that have no children live in poverty.

Turning to the families that have the worst condition among others, 12% of couples with children live below the poverty line. The noticeable point is that although it is 12%, the total population is almost 1 million that do not have a decent life. In the next positions, we can see that 19% of the single households and 21% of the sole parent are living in poverty.







Task 2:5.5-6

Compare the advantages and disadvantages of three of the following as
media for communicating information. State which you consider to be the
most effective.
• comics
• books
• radio
• television
• film
• theatre
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge
or experience.



As a social species, communication is crucial to us. Nowadays, most of the people rely on TV, radio, or film to send and get their required information. But, what are the benefits and drawbacks of them? In this essay, I will elaborate on this topic and explain why TV is the most effective way for communicating information. 


TV, radio, and film has been the three most common ways for men to communicate with each other for a long time. The reason for this is that they have been invented for many years and people welcomed them in their life, some of them are more welcomed though. Watching films and TV or listening to the radio while driving has become a habit, and we tend to do that in our leisure time. If there is a message that should be heard, since they are accessible everywhere, people could use these means.

However, these means of communication have one common drawback, which is the disrupting advertisements. Companies and businesses tend to promote themselves between films in the theatre, a TV show in a channel, or between news in the radio. Although this makes the use of these devices somehow uncomfortable, people will not ban them since their benefits are much more than their disadvantages. 


From my point of view, television is the best tool for communication purposes. Firstly, almost every family have one of them in their house while most of the people do not listen to the radio. Furthermore, the time window between watching each film is quite long whereas people almost watch TV everyday. Moreover, TV is used more for general purposes compared to the other two alternatives since people can listen to the radio or watch a film through television.

In conclusion, I believe TV, radio, and film are common means for people to receive or transfer information among the other possible alternatives. Nonetheless, the TV is much more popular between those since people are watching it regularly. Moreover, people who want to listen to the radio or watch films can make it happen by having a television.

































