Task 1:


You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

The graphs below show the total percentage of films released and the total percentage of ticket sales in 1996 and 2006 in a country. Summarize the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.



The bar charts illustrate the proportion of ticket sold and movie released, in four various genre, namely, drama, comedy, fantasy, and romance in Australia between 1996 and 2006.


Overall, even though the highest percentages belong to drama movies in both years, it is the comedy movies which had the most viewers in those two years. Conversely, people, both in 1996 and 2006, did not welcome romantic movies, and this genre had the lowest sales as well as lowest release.


Drama and comedy movies were the top selling ones among others; and most of that movies were released in the stated period. While the release of drama movies rose to 35% from 25%, the largest increase in the entire data, its ticket sales hovered around 15% in the given period. However, a 5% rise in comedy movies, reaching 25% in 2006 from its initial 20% in the mid 90s, indicated an almost 2.5% increase in its sales; it reached approximately 22.5%.

it is the fantasy and romance movies which was released less than others and indicated the lowest sales share. Although fantasy movies ticket sales exhibited the highest rise, from almost 2% to roughly 7%, in the aforementioned period, sales in romance movies declined severely from 5% to nearly 2%, the only decrease in sales in the given data. Regarding film release percentages, figures in romance remained constant, whereas fantasy movies release rose to just more than 15% from almost 12%.






Task 2:


You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

Some people think young people should be required to have full time education until they are at least 18 years old. To what extent do you agree or disagree?

You should write at least 250 words.







It has been suggested that it is of the utmost importance for youngsters, especially those below 18, to have full time education before the legal age. However, I firmly disagree with this viewpoint. Not only such compulsory education restrain younger individuals from achieving their dream career but also it diminishes the enthusiasm for learning in some of them.


To begin with, not all careers demand education; by forcing them to pass full time education, we are actually making their dreams less achievable. For instance, actors, who make large sums of money each year, do not necessarily need to be educated. Also in some careers such as professional sport players, it is crucial to start sooner. Not having enough time to practice for their dream career, forcing students to take that type of education may destroy their dream occupation. Hence, it is of the great significance to not force them on this issue.

Additionally, full time education might not be suitable for all types of students. It is problematic for some pupils to concentrate for longer hours five days each week. Due to this, they might resent schools and being repeled from it; especially, younger individuals who struggle with ADHD fall into this categorty. Finding it challenging to focus for a long period, they find that the education may even have negative effect on them. This means waste of valuable money which could have been allocated elsewhere.

Admittedly, education is crucial in many areas. Educated youngsters have a stronger understanding of the environment and society, making wiser decisions to preserve and improve their surroundings. Nevertheless, providing those values does not necessarily tied to full time education programs until 18 years old. A less stricter form of education also can equip our children with such knowledge.

In conclusion, even though education, undeniably, is an important aspect of one's lives, the aforementioned form of it impedes younger individuals from persuing their dream jobs which do not require academic degree and can have an inverse effect on some types of youngsters with attention disorders.






























































