Task 1:

The chart below shows the different levels of past-school qualifications in Australia and the proportion of men and women who held them in 1999.
Summarize the information by selecting and reporting the main features and making comparisons where relevant.



The given chart illustrates five types of certificates that can be achieved after school and the portion of men and women that acquired them in Australia in 1999. Overall, except for the Undergraduate diploma, and the bachelor's degree, where females have the largest proportion, men dominated women in all other qualifications. Moreover, the biggest difference and the closest proportionment between them are in vocational diploma and bachelor's degree, respectively.


Starting from the certificates that females outnumbered males in them. 70% of females have undergraduate diploma while only 30% of men have one. Moreover, almost the equal number of men and women, women are just a bit more, have bachelor's degrees.

In contrast, excluding the two aforementioned qualification, women are dominated by men in the rest of them. The most significant one is in the skilled vocational diploma where for each woman that have this degree, 9 men acquired it. Furthermore, 60% of males have master's whereas only 40% females possess this degree. Last but not least, three-fourth of people that have postgraduate diploma are men and only one-third of the population are women.

 


Task 2:



Creative artists should always be given the freedom to express their own ideas (in words, pictures music or film) in whichever way they wish. There should be no government restrictions on what they do.
To what extent do you agree or disagree?



Freedom of speech, especially with regard to artists, has been a hot area of topic for many years. Although some people might believe that they should be able to express their ideas freely, others are agreed with censorship and more control on them. I personally believe in freedom and agree with the former group. In this essay, I will examine both of those views and delve deeper in them.


Being able to articulate opinions and convenience to work freely as an artist are one of the important measures of democracy and a high standard of living. People in the modern countries believe in that slogan and support it. They argue that allowing artists to be active without restrictions will have positive impacts on society. This is because artists are the ones that are seen by the people; therefore, their ideas could have impact on them. They can make a difference and change undesirable things in a peaceful and positive way. For instance, in politics, artists can demonstrate their refusal of the law or government decisions in terms of their art. Consequently, if people agreed, movements are created and authorities will apply changes in the system.


On the other hand, others say that some restrictions and surveillance is necessary on their work. Because they are generally famous people, they have many followers, and they can easily cause chaos or rebel against organizations if they want to. They have power, and due to this fact, their activity has to be regulated just like how powerful institutions are. For instance, since most of their followers love them and would listen to them, artists can spread violence and persuade people toward destruction of public properties. All told, I think this scenario is unlikely and believe that restricting them from presenting their art, in the way that they want, should not be the right approach.

In conclusion, although artists, by having many supporters, can persuade people to do negative things, and many people argue that their work should be examined before being available to the public, in my opinion, they should be able to present their art in whichever way they wish without limitations.

 