Task 1:

The figures depict the current situation in an airport along with its development plan for the next year.

Overall, although some parts will not change in the future, there were be major improvements, such as the sky train and the car hire, as well as redecoration of some facilities, such as the cafe, and check-in area.



New facilities will be added to the airport. Starting form arrival, the first exit on the right will be car hire section. An ATM, also will be included just near the aforementioned facility. A new shop is planned to be opened just close to concourse section. Probably the most significant feature will be reconstruction of concourse, where a sky train will take the place walkway. Moreover, apart from the change in its shape, more gates will be included in that section.


Furthermore, some parts will be redecorated. the cafe, which will also increase in quantity, and check-in are examples of this type of development plans. Moreover, the structure of entry will slightly change, though it will not be replaced.


Nevetheless, some sections will remained unchanged. The most significant among them is the centeral part of the airport, which is in charge of controlling passport and the security.












Task 2:


It is known that most of the product people tend to consume is high in sugar level, making them dangerous for individuals' health. Because of this, many people suggest that those products should become expensive so as to reduce their consumption. I firmly agree with this view as making those goods less affordable will, indeed, reduce their consumption, according to supply-and-demand law in economics. Furthermore, that extra money, achieved from the price shift, can be utilized by the governement to improve people's health.

The primary reason why this surge in price will be effective is the natural law of supply and demand. Simply put, if the price of a sugary product increases, demand for it will decrease accordingly, discouraging people of buying such unhealthy goods. Take overweight individuals, for example, if their favorite sugary drinks were afforable every where, they could not control themselves and would consume a high quantity of them, making them more prone to diabetes. However, by increasing the price, they do not have a choice but to drink less.

In addition, the extra profit achieved from posing a tax on such products, can be used to improve people's overall health. in simpler terms, if many people would still continue to purchase such expensive goods, the government can make extra profit out of such products. This saving can help to establish a health institution to take a proactive measure to help overweight people. For instance, the government can hire psychologists to offer free teraphy sessions for people grappling with addiction to high sugar consumption. By doing this, they can lower the rate of health diseases in the future.

In conclusion, I believe making sugary food or drink expensive is an effective approach since it will diminish their consumption. There are two reasons for that: 1. Rise in price always follows by decline in demand (simple economic law) 2. That additional fund, gathered from taxes, can be used to help and raise awareness of people about their health.






















