Task 1:6

The graph below shows the number of tourists visiting a particular Caribbean island between 2010 and 2017.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The graph illustrates how many tourists visited one specific Caribbean island between 2010 and 2017.

Overall, the total number of visitors rose. Also, although more people tend to stay on island when visiting the place, this changed and visiting while staying on the cruise became a popular option.

A large portion of people chose the accommodation on island when visiting that place until 2016. This number started from almost 0.75 million visitors in 2010 and after 3 years peaked at 1.5 million. However this trend did not continue and it fell to roughly 1.25 million in 2016, though due to the increase in the number of those who stayed on the cruise ships, the total number of visitors did not declined relative to the past year.

Even though, less people had chosen accommodation on cruise, this changed and staying on ships was getting more and more popularity. After hovering around 0.5 million for the first four years, the trend started to sharply rose, surpassing the number of those who stayed on the island. This increase along with the sharp jump from 2016 to 2017 caused a conspecuous growth in total number of tourists on the island.

The total number of visitors more than trippled. The overall number of tourists consistently rose from 1 million in 2010 to nearly 2.75 million in 2015. After staying on the level for a year, it sharply increased and reached 3.5 million in 2017.



Task 2:6.5-7


In the future, nobody will buy printed newspapers or books because they will be able to read everything they want online without paying. To what extent do you agree or disagree?



It is suggested that people, in the future, will not obtain information form the physical version of books or newspapers. Yet, I completely disagree with this statement since the traditional way of reading is a much better approach in the educational system. Also, purchasing free materials often have certain limitations.

The first reason in favor of printed materials is their convenience and effectiveness. In simpler terms, readers can recline in their desirable position  while reading them or may use them in any place with no electricity. These options make printed books a relaxing alternative compared to their digital counterparts. Furthermore, several studies have scrutinized the effectiveness between the usage of physical and digital books for teaching school students. The results indicate that those who studied using former materials achieved higher grades. Hence, physical books will continue to play a crucial role in the future.

Additionally, reading free, online newspapers have certain limitations regarding the accessability to news. In other words, when it comes to the business model of each news agancy there is one common pattern: giving free access to less prominent news and charging customers for the trending ones. Thus, people will deprive themselves from the access to the first-hand news in the morning if they opt to follow them online, free of charge. This problem is irrelevant for the printed version of it. Consequently, in the future, those who care about reading important news will purchase printed newspapers.

In conclusion, due to their convenience and superiority in learning process, which is proven by various case studies, it is unlikely that nobody utilize books in the future. Moreover, people will not abandon reading printed newspapers since free and digital ones are somehow restricted in content.























 