task 1:5.5(6-6-5-5)

The diagram below shows the floor plan of a public library 20 years ago and how it looks now.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.


The diagram demonstrates the decoration of the floor plan of a public library 20 years ago and its current look.

Overall, the architecture of all rooms has changed except for the children's books' one. Furthermore, most areas serve different purpose from 20 years ago. The library does not have enquiry desk anymore, but an information desk along with self-service machines. Moreover, tables and chairs in the center are removed.

Library has undergone many changes, and most rooms are being used for different puropses. CDs, Videos, computer games room has enlarged and are used as storytelling events for children; two sofa are added to the room. Children's books' room is now a lecture room. This is the only room that has remained exactly the same in terms of structure and architecture. Computer room and cafe located at the same location that reading room and enquiry desk once were. The tables and charis in the middle are no longer avaiable. Adult fiction book section is relocated close to lecture room where it is close to information desk and self-service machines. All reference books now can be found between computer room and children's fiction books. 





Task 2:7(7-7-7-6)


Some university students want to learn about other subjects in addition to their main subjects. Others believe it is more important to give all their time and attention to studying for a qualification. 

Discuss both these views and give your opinion.


While some college students desire to take extracurricular courses in addition to their principal ones, it is often thought by other people that this is not a wise decision, and one should focus to get his degree. In my opinion, although learning various subjects has its own merits such as the possibility of new opportunities in academia, it is pivotal for students to focus on obtaining a degree with higher grades.

On the one hand, dedicated students with an undividable focus on their main qualification are generally more successful in their respected fields in job market. In other words, companies are looking for highly-motivated candidates with a deep understanding and expertise of their qualifications. This means that they are looking for higher grades in students' transcripts, and this could only be achievable if pupils studied their main subjects hard without jumping to other branches. 

On the other hand, interdisciplinary research is a new trend, in recent years, which can offer opportunities to students who have knowledge about different fields. Simply put, it is a less common area since, traditionally, scientists tend to only research their respective field of study. To illustrate, it is quite common to use machine learning, which is a computer science methodology, to solve chemical engineering problems. Hence, having Computer Engineering (CE) background, by taking CE courses, can always be beneficial for students to thrive and produce novel scientific papers in the intersection of the two aforementioned majors.

In my view, even though it is easier to do interdisciplinary research because of many possibilities, students can always learn about the additional subjects that they are interested in, in the future. Thus, it is not justified to dedicate their time studying less important and unrelated subjects to their degree, while they are at university. 

In conclusion, even though some students tend to equip themselves with additional materials other than their main subjects because of its rewarding future in academia, my firm belief is that they must focus on their essential courses to get a higher GPA. This is because having knowledge in many fields with low grades will not be useful.




















