Task 1>:

The diagram below shows how geothermal energy is used to produce electricity.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The diagram illustrates the process of electricity production using geothermal energy. Overall, it is a five-stage process consisting of pumping, warming, and condensing water to use its steam to produce electricity.


The first three stages are about harnessing the power of water, providing steam from cold water. In the first stage, cold water is pumped down deep into an injection well, located in about 4.5 km deep underground. Next, the water will go through a geothermal zone, which is an area of hot rocks. After going through this stage, water will get warm, and this water will be pumped up, through a production well. 

The hot water is then condensed in a condenser, located just upon the production well. In the next step, the steam will be used to rotate a turbine that is connected to a generator. Ultimately, the electricity produced from the generator, which is powered by the turbine, will be distributed to the national grid.









Task 2:

Some people believe that allowing children to make their own choices on everyday matters (such as food, clothes and entertainment) is likely to result in a society of individuals who only think about their own wishes. Other people believe that it is important for children to make decisions about matters that affect them.
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.




It is believed that letting children to decide between alternatives that affect their lives results in a society full of selfish people. However, others, including myself, do not support this view. Making decision is important in child's development.

On the one hand, many are of the opinion that allowing children to decide is crucial since this helps develop a sense of responsibility in them. This is because humans learn in a reinforcement manner, meaning that we rely on the actions of our results to learn. Due to this, they will develop analytical thinking and learn to make wiser decisions over time. A case in point is making friends. Should they have a friend that cannot be trusted, they will learn what traits should they be looking for to have a better one.

On the other hand, others think this would lead to a society with selfish individuals. This is because children have limited power to analyze situations. Therefore, they will only think about what they want and do not consider others; the outcome of their action might hurt others. For instance, many toys or equipment they use are noisy, which disturb people around them. However, since their parents love them, they will not prevent their children from playing. As a result, children get used to this and grow up not caring about other people. This atittude will also be difficult to change in the future, making them individuals who only care about their own wishes.

From my perspective, although letting them choose whatever they want without supevision can lead to undesirable results, it is of utmost significance to let them make decision. Hence, they should be in charge of what will affect them but along with providing advice and supervision from their parents.

In conclusion, while many would argue that children making decisions regarding matters affecting them is important for fostering responsibility, some disagree with this view, believing that it will lead to inconsiderate individuals. I think making independent decisions along with supervision is necessary.










