Task 1:6.5(7-7-6-6)


The three pie charts below show the changes in annual spending by a particular UK school in 1981, 1991, and 2001.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.



The pie charts demonstrates the alterations in yearly spending in a specific school in UK in 1981, 1991, and 2001. Overall, in each year, teachers' salaries had the largest portion of annual spending while insurance has the lowest.

Starting from the year 1981, 40% of fund was dedicated to pay the terachers. Meanwhile, insurance only had 2% of this share, which was the lowest in the data. The interesting point is that the school used 28% of its annual spending to pay other workers' salaries. This number was the highest in all years. Moreover, furniture and resources like books used 15% of the fund each.

Turning to the year 1991, money that was given to teachers peacked at 50%. Furniture used 5% of the yearly spending, which was the lowest in the period. Some areas like insurance, with an 1% increase, and resources, with a 5% increased, did not changed a lot.

Shifting attention to the year 2001, the salary of teachers and other workers diminished to 45% and 15%, respectively. This fall in other workers' salary was the lowest in the data. Noticeably, spending in insurance rose to 8%, the highest in insurance. Furniture spendings also peaked at 23% and resources experienced a dip at 9%.





Task 2:6.5(7-7-6-6)

Nowadays the way many people interact with each other has changed because of thecnology.

In what ways has technology affected the types of relationship people make?

Has this become positive or negative development.



Technology has altered people's relationship and interaction. This essay will elaborate on how this has changed?; whether it has been benefical or not?

Technology has introduced new ways of communications. One of them is video meeting services like Zoom, which can connect friends from long distances. This allows people to meet each other almost instantly without the need of traveling miles to see their friends. These services, also are not limited to connecting just two friends, and it can be used to gather groups as large as companies monthly meeting. Furthermore, people can send messages through the same service for general uses such as to inform each other about a business or casually chatting. The messages, which will be delivered in a second, will convey the sense of talking with a friend in the reality, which is good for the users. 

These alterations, from my point of view, is a positive development. Technology allows us to spend time with the people we know as soon as possible. Although some might say people still could wrote to each other, writing letter is time-consuming and with delays. Excluding the writing phase, which could be arduous for some individuals, mails have to be traveled for a long distance; some mails could potentially get lost in this process. Moreover, it is their easiness that made technological mediums useful. With just a few clicks, people can talk to their loved ones in real-time. This feature has never been available to humanity since recent years.  

In conclusion, because of their ease of use, technologies such as meeting platforms enabled people to abandon the old-fashioned interactions such as mailing. Additionally, this has been a positive change because of their ease of use since it helped people to reach out to each other in a second whereever they are.


















