Task 1:6.5(7-6.5-6.5-6)


The diagrams below show the stages and equipment used in the cement-making process, and how cement is used to produce concrete for building purposes.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main feature, and make comparison where relevant.


The given diagram illustrates the stages and the tools which are used in the process of making cements and the use of cement for concrete production for construction purposes. 

Overall, producing cement is a four-stage process that starts from crushing and mixing raw materials and ends with putting it in bags. Moreover, Producing concrete from cement is a relatively simpler process with one stage that requires mixing.

Cement production requires various tools and raw materials. Firstly, clay and limestone which are the building blocks of creating cements is crushed with crusher which looks like two rollers. Next, the powder, which is the crushed material, goes into a mixer. In the next step, the output of the mixer enters a rotating heater where it is heated from the bottom. After heating it, the material is sent to a grinder which shapes it to the cement that we know. In the last stage, they pour cement into bags.

Turning to concrete production, a mix of several materials is added to a concrete mixer. Cement only composed a total of 15% of this mix. 25% sand and 10% water is added to the mixer. The rest of the mix is gravel, which basically is small stones, and it is accounted for 50% of the total. After providing the required mix, by rotating, the mixer will create concrete.




Task 2:7(7-7-6.5-6.5) => without considering pollution part. with pollution: TA = 6

Increasing the price of petrol is the best way to solve growing traffic and pollution problems.

To what extent do you agree or disagree?

what other measures do you think might be effective?



The relationship between traffic and fuel price has been studied for years. Though some argue that the price of petroleum is irrelevant for solving traffic issues, I think increasing it, will indeed reduce the traffic, especially in big cities. I also believe that constructing new roads is a better approach.


The rise in fuel price makes driving challenging for drivers. As such, people tend to use their cars less and commute with public transportation mediums more often. Because of this, the amount of one-passenger cars decreases since it will be expensive to travel alone by a car. Consequently, either vehicles with more passengers or public buses will be seen more on streets which will reduce the traffic. That being said, for this approach to be effective, this rise should be only limited to personal use.

However, increasing fuel price has a major disadvantage, because of which people disagree with it; this drawback is the rise in the price of the goods that is affected by transportation costs. Roughly 20% of the price of each good that we see in supermarkets is accounted for its logistics. If the price of fuel increases, the cost of delivering these goods, which is done by trucks, also rises. As such, all products will get expensive and people could suffer from an economic instability.

Because of this issue, other measures such as the construction of bridges and underways are more preferred. The officials should analyze roads and record the extent of traffic on each of them to determine bottleneck roads. In the next step, they have to create more roads for those which are crowded. Even though approaches such as constructing bridges in bottleneck roads could be effective, simpler and smarter methods could solve the problem. These intelligence approaches could be creating one-way streets, or building a road between the two popular destination.

In conclusion, while I agree that the rise in fuel price can diminish traffic in cities, this rise should not affect businesses and should be only applied on the personal vehicles. Furthermore, creating new roads where it is needed can be a more effective measure compared to the previously said one.




