Task 1:6(7-7-6-6)

The first chart below shows how energy is used in an average Australian household. The second chart shows the greenhouse gas emission which result from this energy use.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.


The first pie chart illustrates what tasks consumed larger portion of energy in houses, and the second chart indicates the amount of greehouse gases that will be released into the air as a result of doing these tasks in Australia.

Overall, general heating and water heating take the most amount of energy while cooling and lighting were the lowest one. Furthermore, water heating and usage of other appliances in Australian household emitted most amount of greenhouse gases.


Starting from the the energy use chart, Australian people consumed 42% of their energy on heating themselves. In the second and third places we can see water heating and other appliances with 30% and 15% of the share, respectively. On the other hand, cooling and lighting used the lowest proportion of enery with 2% and 4%, respectively.

Turning to the gas emission chart, although heating had the largest portion in the previous chart, it only accounts for 15% of greenhouse gases. Nevertheless, 32% of harmful gases that is produced from household is associated with water heating purposes. Moreover, other appliances, refrigeration, and lighting almost emit greenshouse gases twice the amount of their consumption; the first one is responsible for 28%, the second one 14% and the last one 8%. 

Task 2:6.5(7-7-6-6)

Children need to learn the difference between right and wrong at an early age. Punishment is necessary to help them learn this distinction.

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?

What sort of punishment should parents and teachers be allowed to use to teach good behaviour to children?



One of the important arguments in favor of raising children is to use punishment to teach them right from wrong; but, is punishment really necessary? If yes, what sort of punishment is suitable for a child at an early age? I firmly think that punishments are necessary and grounding children in their room is the best type of it.

All humans learn from their mistakes; however, parents should penalize them for mistakes since children cannot discriminate the right from wrong by themselves. This should be done by associating certain actions with bad memories. If this was done, the next time that a child finds himself in a similar circumstance, he would not repeat his previous behavior. For instance, if parents penalize their son for mocking a lady because of her weight with a punishment such as not talking to him, or deterring him from playing video games, he will not repeat that action as he does not want to face the consequences. Although he might not realize that mocking people is morally wrong, he continues not doing it anyway and this habit will be with him when he grows up.

On the other hand, others might say while children have to learn these things, punishments are not necessary and parents should talk to their children. It is believed that punishment are similar to violence and it is harmful for child development. The effect that aforementioned punishment can have on the psychological aspects of youngsters can be devastating. Therefore, parents must talk to them with reasons; by doing this children will realize why they should not do a particular action. Although at first glance this opinion might sounds reasonable, it will not be as effective as penalizing them. To illustrate, a 4-year-old girl cannot comprehend logic and arguments. Thus, in many cases it is pointless to have a conversation with her.

But what type of punishment is necessary, you might ask; those would be effective and encouraged to do which are not violent and that make a child think about what he did. Forcing them to be alone from others might be the perfect one. This is because humans are social species and we do not like to be left alone. This is in fact why we have solidarity cells in prisons. Moreover, this will give time to child to think about what he did because he does not have many things to do, and his is a penalty with purpose.

In conclusion, although some might say punishing children is not the right thing to do, I believe it is necessary for teaching children good from wrong. Moreover, among all available options, I think those will make a difference which give the child time and space to think why his action was wrong.






















