writing 1:

The pie chart below demonstrates what are the status of occupations of Anthropology graduates from the same university are after recieving their undergraduate degree. Data include Full-time, part-time,unemployed, not known and mixed status of working and studying. furthermore, the table illustrates salary of them in workplace considering three type of related employement namely, freelance consultant, government sector and private company after five years.

Overall, 6 job status are considered, form full-time work, where most of them find themselves in this catagory, to not known. Moreover, by a simple glance at the salaries, it is seemed that the majority of them are getting paid well.


To begin with, the majority of graduates, 52% of them to be more specific have a full-time job. Part-time occupation would be placed in the second position in terms of population with 15%. 12% of the sample are recognized unemployed. Status of 8% of gradutes are not known. Simillarly, 8% of them persuading higher study and have no part-time job beside it. Finally, only 5% of graduates are study in a postgrad program and have a part-time job beside it.

Regarding their salary, While majority of them are getting paid more that $100,000 , type of employement seem to be a effective factor in salary. half of the graduates that work under Government sector are getting paid more than thousand dollars whereas only 30% of them are getting paid that amount in private one. Moreover, 40% of freelancers recieving higher checks. As salaries decreases, these  data change. Although the population of private companies and freelancers roughly remains the same, 20% of the population reduces in govenment sector. Interesting thing is that more students work for the private companies for lower salary than $75,000.

writing 2:


It is common in various cultures to give the advice "if you work hard, anything is possible " to children. The optimal aim of this motto could be a reminesce of human will and to have a ambition and a dream in life. But to what extent this sentence is advantagous to younger audience? What are the disadvantages of it? This essay will analyze these concepts.



After the rise of free will in the European philosophy, pepole's attention have moved from being a person doomed in the system to a being a man that can achieve anything. Shorty after that era, it became common to hear "work hard to achieve whatever you desire". By believing in it, children become enthusiastic about their future, and consequently, will work hard throughout the road. The motto completely disregards contribution of other factors toward achievement of the goal and by acknowledging this, for children, there is no reason to give up on their dreams and they will overcome challenges. For instance, a juvenile footballer may have hurdles such as insufficiency in the field quality or poor-conditioned shoes. Believing in the fact that to become a professional footballer he just have to work hard, will help him to overcome such problems. 





On the other hand, this message could have potential disadvantages. People cannot do whatever they want and we are confined in a do-able environment. In other word, we cannot achieve whatever we desire. For instance, an oldman with no teeth cannot be a pilot, it is unlikely for a boy in Africa to become a professional hockey player due to the environment and climate that he lives in. Due to the fact that, there are certain things that are not possible to achieve, everything can not be achieved by working hard and this statement is inaccurate and partially true. Therefore, children could find themselves in depression as a result of not achieving their targets since they had set unreal goals for themselves. When facing  the truth. It can even be more detrimental to a proportion that have lived with this mindset all their lives.


To conclude, even though in some cultures people want to transfer the sense of enthusiasm and free will to children by telling them that they can be or do what they want as long as they work hard for it, this statement is impartialy true and inaccurate. Certain disadvantages such as depression could be waiting for them when they find out that they cannot do whatever we want and we are circusmcribe to our will and no matter how children work hard, there are some things that cannot be achieved.


In some cultures, children are often told that they can achieve anything if they try hard enought.
what are the advanteges and disadvantages of giving children this message?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
