Task 1:5

The map below is of the town of Garlsdon. A new supermarket (S) is planned for the town. The map shows two possible sites for the supermarket.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The given map illustrates two possible locations for the opening of a supermarket in Garlsdon town. Overall, although the first proposed area is in countryside apart from housing between railway and main road, the second one is located in the middle of the town center close to the railway and connects two main roads together.

The first site is proposed to be in countryside and close Hindon, which is a town with a population of 10,000 people. The main road that allows traveling from the center of the city to the aforementioned town will be closer to this site. Moreover, train will also pass reletively close to it.

The second location for the supermarket, however, is considered to be in the town center in no traffic zone area. it also will be close to the industrial area of the city. Furthermore, the railway that connects Cransdon, a city with 29,000 people, to Hindon will pass just near that location. Finally, this site grants main road access to the travelers that want to travel to Bransdon, a 15000 populated city in the south side of the Garlsdon, and Cransdon.








Task 2:6.5

Some people think that a sense of competition in children should be encouraged. Others believe that children who are thought to co-operate rather than compete become useful adults.

Discuss both views and give your own opinion.


Teaching necessary skills to children for their future has been a hot topic to discuss. Although some people think that competitiveness and fighting attitudes are the things that children need, others believe that the collaboration is the most important concept that they should learn about. In my opinion, both of those groups are right, and in this essay, I will discuss both of those views.


Creating a sense of competition is crucial in children. We are competing against each other every day in our lives. As a matter of fact, this can be seen everywhere in nature and it is natural. There are limited opportunities and many potential candidates that, just like us, want to achieve them. Those will be successful that can fight through the process and defeat their peers. For instance, when applying for a job, many people also wish to have it. A person will get the position that can surpass others. Because of this and such similar scenarios, it is necessary for children to develop such attributes.

Similarly, being able to cooperate with others is also crucial. Human are social species and doing tasks as a team is common in our society. Therefore, children need to improve this skill to be able to work with others and succeed in their lives. Just like competition, cooperation is also common in our day to day lives. For example, companies are usually searching for an employee that has a flexibility to take part in their team since tasks which are done by a group of people will be done much faster.

From my point of view, both of these features are required for a person to be able to be a successful adult. Moreover, in many cases they are entangled with each other, and cannot be separatable. For instance, in many areas such as sports we can see that teams are competing against each others. In this scenario, adults should be good teammates and colaborate with each other while at the same time have a great attitude to compete against the opposing team.

In conclusion, although some people think that children that raised to be competitive rather than being a good teammate will have an easier life as an adult and vice versa, I think these skills are complementary and children should learn both of them to be a useful person in society.



















