Task 1:6

The charts below show the changes inownership of electrical appliances and amount of time spent doing housework in households in one country between 1920 and 2019.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The charts demonstrate the rate of appliances possession by households as well as the required time for doing house chors in a country between 1920 and 2019.

Overall, there is a clear negative correlation between the possession of electrical appliances and housework hours, as the ownership increased, fewer hours was spent on housework. Also, while refrigerators and vaccum cleaners fully adopted by people, the corresponding rate was not significant for washing machines.


Although the pattern for the aforementioned devices was similar, there was subtle differences. The fastest rate of adoption belonged to refrigerators. While almost no house had them in 1920, all houses possess one of them from 1980 onward. Vaccum cleaners, also, welcomed by all people from 2000 onward, though their rate increased smoother, increased averagely 20% for each 20 years, starting from 30% in 1920. However, this percentage was different for washing machines. even though 40% of households had them in 1920, after a high at 70% in 1960 its percentage declined. This decline was unique between other devices. Also, This rate rose gradually and ended just above 70% in 2019.

It is clear that the number of hours dedicate doing household chors consistently fell from 1920 to 2019. While in the first 40 years this number decreased sharply, reaching 20% in 1960 from 50% in 1920, it continued to declined gradually after 1960. In 2019, almost 10 hours per week was required for doing housework.










Task 2:6.5(7-6.5-6.5-6.5)

In their advertising, businesses nowadays usually emphasize that their products are new in some way. Why is this? Do you think it is a positive or negative development?



It is suggested that many businesses, increasingly, put effort to present their products as one of a kind in various ways. This is a known marketing trick and is used to increase the profit of those establishments. Also, this approach is beneficial to retain a strong economy and to reduce the chance of future recessions.

Higher profit is the primary reason why businesses are interested in this approach. In other words, an organization relies on having a stable revenue to be able to compete with its rivals in the market. As this revenue comes from the sell of their products, they need to convince costumers into buying them. Therefore, they try to trick individuals by reintroducing their manufactured goods, by emphasizing on the newness of their brand in many ways. For instance, one of such methods is the marketing trick that Apple uses for promoting its brand-new phone every year. By restructring cameras relative to each other, designers put effort to convey the sense of uniqueness about their new model each year.

Having said that, from my point of view, this is a positive development because the circulation of money in the economy strengthens it. In simpler terms, a healthy economy is the one that people in it are constantly purchasing things, and such tricks persuade people to spend even more. Such promotions are effective since people do not tend to buy repetitive things, and they are always looking for new products. Consumers spending more means higher income for companies; thus, more money from collecting tax for the government. As a result, the overall economic aspects of the government bodies will be improved, leading to a lower chance of recession because of having enough resources.

In conclusion, emphasizing on the novelty of their products, which is an effective marketing trick, help businesses to sell their goods more conveniently. Furthermore, this development is a positive one since the urge of consumption between individuals is an advantage for the economy.



































