Task1:6-6.5(6.5-6-6-6)

The graph below shows the unemployment rates in the US and Japan between March 1993 and March 1999.


The given line chart demonstrates what proportion of Japanese and US citizens were jobless between March 1993 and 1999. Overall, the Japan's unemployment rate increased throughout the period whereas the US's was decreasing consistently. Moreover, fluctuations seem to be just a little more smoother in the US compared to Japan. Interestingly, Their numbers converged to a same number at some point and did not leave that level until the end of the period.


At the beginning of the period, 7% of US people did not have a job while only 2% of work workforce in Japan was unoccupied. This trend outstandingly change for both countries. In Japan, unemployment rate surged and reached its all-time-high at just above the 5% in March 1998 with a steady growth and remained on this level until March 1999. In contrast, the employment rate was improving in US. The unmployment rate fell from 7% in March 1993 to roughly 5% just before 1997. After that the reduction got slower and stayed near 5% onward.




Task2:6.5-7(7-6.5-7-6)

Improvements in health, education, and trade are essential for the development of poorer nations. However, the governments of richer nations should take more responsibility for helping the poorer nations in such areas.

Sustainable development in developing countries has been a hot topic in recent years. Although some people might say that such nations should succeed by themselves, I believe that the industrialized countries should help them by investing in different areas in those countries.


Today, having a solid diplomatic relationship with other nations, especially the developed ones, are one of the prerequisites toward development. Richer countries should help underdeveloped ones in their improvement process. This is because developing nations, if left alone, could be a burden to richer ones in the future. For instance, due to the poor health conditions of those countries, new contagious diseases might spread that cause a major lockdown. Similarly, low education levels also can have serious issues. New radical terrorist groups, which are well-known for causing international attacks and conflicts, could exploit the lack of education in those societies to gain power. Richer countries could prevent these problems by investing in their infrastructures. For example, by building hospitals and universities they can prevent such disastrous issues while gaining benefit from portion of their revenues.


On the other hand, others might say that they have to thrive by themselves and we should not assist them. They believe that the economic and education issues in poor countries are not related to us since we have our own problems and challenges. However, as I said earlier, this is not true and problems in poor nations could somehow be related to them, directly or indirectly, or maybe become their issue in the future. For instance, poor economic conditions could lead to rising outlaws. These dangerous bands might rob people internationally, stealing their valuable goods, becoming a threat to everyone in the region. Although it may not be seen relevant, it does relate. Not helping these countries not only saves many for richer ones but will cause critical issues for all of them.


In conclusion, helping underdeveloped countries should be a goal for the industrialized nations. Although some people might argue that their problem is not related to us, from my point of view, their challenges could become so big that can disrupt their peace also. Moreover, helping them in term of investment is a win-win scenario for both sides. 
 




