Task 1:7(7-7.5-7-7) (gemeni-GPT was not available)
The graph below shows average carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions per person in the United Kingdom, Sweden, Italy, and Portugal between 1967 and 2007.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The graph demonstrates how much carbon dioxide (CO2) per person each country emitted in the UK, Sweden, Italy, and Portugal between 1967 and 2007.

Overall, The UK consistently released the highest amount of CO2 among others while Portugal had the lowest emissions throughout the period except for the last year where Sweden Surpassed it.

Starting from the UK and Sweden, both countries were reducing their amount of CO2 production during the given period. In the year 1967, these two had the highest emissions, the UK almost 11 tonnes and Sweden nearly at 9. However, this has changed and both managed to reduce these numbers to 9 and roughly 5, respectively. It is noteworthy that CO2 production in Sweden become the lowest in 2007 after its peak at more than 10 tonnes in 1977.

Turning to those which were increasing their CO2 emisisons, namely Italy and Portugal. While Portugal had the lowest emissions at almost 1 tonnes in 1967, its trend continuously rose and reached above 5 tonnes in 2007. Likewise, Italy experienced the same trend but with a smoother growth. CO2 production in Italy started from almost 4 tonnes and reached nearly 7 tonnes at the end of the period.


Task 2:
Some people say that the only reason for learning a foreign language is in order to travel to or work in a foreign country. Others say that these are not the only reasons why someone should learn a foreign language.

Discuss both views and give your own opinion.


Opinions are divided as to why individuals should learn a foreign language. Although some say people must learn such languages only for traveling or occupation purposes, I believe other factors such as self-development are also influential.

There are several reasons why people are encouraged to learn a foreign language. One of them is to keep their mind sharp. Many people argue that learning a new language helps to preserve brain performance and to prevent the Alzheimer disease. By practicing new grammar rules and sentence structures, they create new neural connections or strengthen them. From my point of view, this is a justified point to keep our brain active. They are, also killing two birds with one stone since they would be able to speak a new language after the learning process.

On the other hand, if we do not use what we learn, we will forgot it; others argue that people should only learn a second language if they are going to work or traveling abroad. Our mind retain information that is necessary for us. Traveling to or working in foreign countries are those occasions in which individuals can challenge themselves with the language since they need to communicate with other people to satisfy their needs. Thus, they will learn it effectively and will not forget it. In my opinion, while this is a valid statement, this is not the only reason to learn a new language and Each person can have his own justification, which one of them is mentioned above.

In conclusion, even though some say people must learn a second language if they really need it for example when they are going to another country, My firm opinion is that each individual could have a reason that derived him to learn a new language. Developing brain and keeping it active might be one of them.




























