Task 1:6.5(6-7-6-6)

The chart below shows information about changes in average houes prices in five different cities between 1990 and 2002 compared with the average house prices in 1989.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.

The given chart demonstrates fluctuations in real states average prices in five major cities between 1990 and 2002, divided into two sub periods. Overall, while changes in houses' prices in Madrid and Frankfurt stayed positive and did not change much, prices in Tokyo and New york experienced an outstanding surge. Moreover, London was the only city that its houses declined in value.

Starting from the cities that lost their values from 1989 prices, London and Tokyo lost their value by more than -6% between 1990 to 1995. Even though prices in Tokyo surged to above +10% after 1996, which was the sharpest rise in data, prices in London, although slowed to -5%, continued to decline. Similar to Tokyo, houses' prices in New york grew from -5% in the first sub-period to +5% between 1996 to 2002.

Shifting focus to the cities that increased in value from 1989, namely Madrid and Frankfurt, the fluctuations in these group was smother. Furthermore, the average price of houses in both of these cities continued to rise. Prices in Madrid rose from almost +1% to roughly +4%. Even though prices in Frankfurt was still rising, the extent of this growth decreased from near +2% to approximately +1%.




Task 2:6(6-6-6-5)

As most people spend a major part of their adult life at work, job satisfaction is an important element of individual well-being.

What factors contribute to job satisfaction?

How realistic is the expectation of job satisfaction for all workers?


The definition of a pleasing occupation has been subjected to significant debate. In this essay I will elaborate on what features makes a job satisfying for employees and that to analyze whether their expectation of jobs are achievable.

Many factors contributes in increasing the satisfaction of a job. One of them is worker's self-interest. Having had to dedicate most of their lives to work, it is vital to select an occupation that suits them the most. Working in a likable position helps employees to be in a peaceful state of mind, which is the most important things. Moreover, it goes without saying that a high salary is another significant contributor. Almost everybody desires to earn high paychecks and benefits such as bonuses or a good health insurance. These reasons help a person not to be annoyed if a challenge came up during work.

But how realistic these demands are? It is fair to say that most of these needs are standard requests to ask from employers. While it is challenging to some extent to search for a desirable job for all people or compensating all workers with high salaries, providing a good insurance or various benefits is a realistic demand to ask. As matter of a fact, in many countries employees are forced from authorities to provide these demands. The high pay of workers, on the other hand, is not a justifiable demand. Companies cannot have many high-paid employees since they need a margin of profit to make their business viable. 

In conclusion, although a higher pay and complementary packages are determining factors when it comes to job satisfaction, providing all of these requests is not simply possible. Even though companies can and in some countries should offer some of them like a good insurance, some requests such as paying higher salaries to all workers is not realistic. 

























