Task 1: 7

The charts below show the average percentages in typical meals of three types of nutrients, all of which may be unhealthy if eaten too much.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
Write at least 150 words.


The pie charts illustrate the average consumption of three types of nutrients, which may be harmful if consumed too much, in four types of meals that Americans consume regularly: breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.

Overall, a large proportion of Americans' diet comprised of added sugar, which is the main component of snacks, and sodium, which is heavily consumed in dinner; dinner seems to be the unhealthiest meal among the other ones.

Americans tend to have a balanced diet for breakfast and lunch. Although the amount of the aforementioned nutrients are similar in breakfast, around 14% for sodium and 16% for others, it varies for lunch. 30% of their lunch consists of sodium, while this figure is 26% for fat and only 19% for added sugar.

Despite this, dinner and snacks appears to be unhealthier meals. The highest amount of sodium and saturated fat intake happens in dinner, with 43% for the former and 37% for the latter. Similarly, 42% of Americans' snack is saturated fat, which is quite notable compared to other meals.










Task 2: 7.5

Some people believe that it is best to accept a bad situation, such as an unsatisfactory, job or shortage of money. Others argue that it is better to try and improve such situations.
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.




Many believe that it is best to accept bad circumstances, such as financial challenges or unfulfulling jobs. However, others, myself included, would argue that people should put effort and improve undesirable situaitons.

To begin with, it is of utmost importance to have a realistic vision and devise plans accordingly. If people realistically look at their lives, they can make better decisions that at very least do not get them into troubles or waste their resources, such as their time and money. For instance, they would not hold large parties were they to know that they cannot afford its expenses due to money shortages. Thus, accepting a bad situaiton may save people from further problems.

However, before accepting such circumstances, it holds a great significance to assess the situaiton for the possibility of changes to minimize future regrets. For example, should people find themselves unsatisfied with their careers, they can start looking for better jobs instead of accepting it. They can learn new skills and improve their resume. By doing so, there would be two possible scenarios: they would either succeed, bringing them a sense of fulfillment, or they would fail. Even if the latter occured, they would not have any regrets, knowing that they had done all they could. From my point of view, this is a much better approach.

In conclusion, while acknowledging a bad situation is necessary due to its potential to prevernt repercussions, in my opinion, trying and improving it, regardless of its outcome, is definitely preferable. This is mainly because of minmizing possible future regrets.






















