Task 2 6.5


Some people think secondary school students should study internationl news as one of their subjects, while others believe that this is a waste of valuable school time. Discuss both views and give your opinion.



It is suggested that it is best for international news to be introduced as a subject in secondary schools. Notwithstanding that this might help students to get closer, by helping each other, stemming from a great understanding from those news, it can also be a perfect tool for facilitating rasism, as a result of wrongful interpretation; hence, I fully disagree with this proposal. 


On the negative side, many practitioners believe this may arise negative issues  such as rasism in our classrooms. Secondary school students are prone to various manipulations, due to their underdeveloped sense of judgement. Not being able to digest the news thoroughly, or interpreting it in the way that it should be done, they might develop a sense of hostility against their classmates, which might lead to vicious arguments or brutal fights in the backyard of the school. Wars, or escelations, between countries can be a perfect example for triggering such behaviors. From my view, since these teenagers are fragile in this period of their lives, lots of resources are required to be allocated to them for feeding them the international news properly. The resources which would be better if dedicated to teach them scientific knowledge, which is helpful in their further academic journey.


On the positive side, introducing international news to secondary school students can potentially develop a greater sense of empathy along classmates. Equipping them with this, as a subject on a regular basis, help them to fully grasp the challenges which their friends are going through in their countries, helping them to understand them, and to respect their people. This will bring them closer. For instance, should a student know that a Iranian students are grappling with hyper-inflation, they will shared their food with him or her. However, from my perspective, students are in expose to various source of news: in house, market, or from adults. And such negligible and sometimes hard-to-imagine scenarios is not worth to force them to took a compulsory subject.


In conclusion, although learning internationl news as a subject might help students to show empathy for their classmates, I firmly believe it will do more bad than good. Wrongly interpretated news, because of their not-fully-developed sense of judgment, students could represent hate against other ethnicities in school, which might lead into escelations, and in turn, unpleasant fights.





