Task 1: 6-6.5

The charts below show the main reasons for study among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers.

Summarise the informaiton by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The given histograms demonstrate the reasons why students from various age groups wanted to study along with the amount of support that they get from their employers in terms of time off or fees.


Overall, the younger students decide to study for the sake of their career while the older ones choose it for their personal interest. Moreover, younger students are the ones that receive the highest support from their bosses and middle-aged students receive the lowest amount of support among others.

Starting from the first chart, 80% of students younger than 26 years old opt to educate themselves for their prospective career while only 10% of them do it for their interest. As students get older intention to study for career decreases. Roughly, for each 10 year that students get older, from under 26 to 39 years old, those who study for career purposes decrease around 10% and the other intention increases 10%. The number in 40-49 is equal at 40%-40%  for both groups and 70% of the people over 49 study for their interest rather than to do it to get a job.

In terms of supports from employers, more than 60% of employers support students below 26. Just like the previous plot, as students get older, from under 26 until 39 years old, the amount of support that they will get almost decreased by 10%. However, from 40 years old students the trend will reverse. 35% of employers who have students between 40-49 help them and more than 40% of the bosses support their employees for their education. 




Task 2:



In some countries, young people are encouraged to work or travel for a year between finishing high school and starting university studies.
Discuss the advantages and disadvantages for young people who decide to do this.




Many students are confused about what to do after finishing school and before starting university. Some people suggest that they should either work or travel for a year before starting higher education. In this essay I will elaborate on the benefits and drawbacks of this approach and explain why I think it is better to start university immediately.


Spending a full year to work or travel before university does not seem wise and have several disadvantages. Firstly, this idea shows conflicts in the students' academic goal. If they want to pursue education, why they should spend one year apart from academia to add a gap in their resume. It is well-known that the gap in education is considered a serious issue especially for higher education since there is an age limit for admission in universities. This could cause trouble especially if it could not be explained, which in traveling case it would definitely cannot. Furthermore, taking a year off made it challenging for students to start studying courses again, and it would have been much more easier for them to apply for a university just after finishing school. 


In contrast, it is common for some students to stop education after 12 years of school. Some of them may be exhausted and may want to do enjoyable activities such as to travel around the world. Furthermore, others like to work after their graduation to get experience or only for the sake of making money. Either way, although these decisions seem to be wise, it is the intuition behind some of them that makes them insensible for me. For instance, it is also possible to work part-time while studying in university or students can still travel in the three months of summer and there is no reason to dedicate a whole year for traveling. Moreover, from my point of view, if they intend to study for higher qualifications, it would not be reasonable to build such a huge gap between each stages of their education.

In conclusion, some students opt for traveling or to be occupied for a year before starting university for the sake of their benefits such as getting work experience or doing the joyful activity. Even though it may not be seen problematic, in my opinion, it has many drawbacks. One of them is that it will be challenging for them to start the academic studies again, or the gap in their resume could cause negative problems for them in the future especially if they want to study for master's or a Ph.D.










