Task 1:7
The table below gives information about changes in modes of travel in England between 1985 and 2000.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The given table demonstrates the difference between various means of travel in England for 1985 and 2000, which is presented by average distance per person per year. Overall, the total average distance increased, and using cars had been the most popular mode of travel in England. Moreover, the amount of traveling rose in all modes except for 3 of them, which were walking, bicycles, and local buses.


Starting from the public transportation mediums, the average mileage of using long distance buses almost doubled from 54 in 1985 to 124 in 2000. Similarly, people embraced other common public modes such as train and taxi, which increased from 289 and 13 to 366 and 42, respectively. In contrast, use of local buses almost halved from 426 in 1985 to 274 in 2000.

Turning to other types of transportation mediums, each person covered less with bicycles and by walking in each year. These numbers declined by 10 miles in bicycles, and 18 miles for walking and reached 41 and 237 in 2000, respectively. The mode which was pronounced the most in the data, cars, grew to 4806 from 3199. Finally, other types of transportation, which were not listed in the table, rose to 585 in 2000 from 450 in 1985.



Task 2:6.5
Successful sports professionals can earn a great deal more money than people in other important professions. Some people think this is fully justified while others think it is unfair.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.




Is it fair for professional sportsmen to receive high salaries? Although some people suggest that it is understandable, others refuse and believe that other important occupations should be more compensated compared to them. From my point of view, they are getting paid reasonably, and This essay will discuss more about this issue.


To begin with, employees in each sector are getting paid relative to the amount of money that is circulating in their industry. The larger the cash flow is, the higher expectations of salaries are. Since many viewers watch such sports, companies and sponsors invest in them and consequently the industry will get larger that can pay their shareholders more. For instance, a Footballer would not agree to play for a few hundred dollars if they realized that for each win, his club earns a million dollars. Additionally, because without high-quality players nobody watches football anymore, CEOs also agree to pay that much. This is the reason why sports professionals are expecting to get higher paychecks. 


Having said that, others have been proposing alternative schemes to compensate other crucial jobs more. This group suggest that sportsmen jobs are not pivotal in society, other than entertaining viewers. They thus believe other groups such as engineers and doctors, who have vital role in society, should get more money. In other words, a doctor saves lives every day, or an engineer builds bridges that could facilitate transportation, which will save fossil fuel for later generations. Due to these influences that they have on our lives, people suggest to pay them more.

In conclusion, debate around the salaries of those who professionally play sports is a controversial topic. Although some people say that their income should be reduced since they do not do real and impactful job, I believe their salary is fair. This is because they are garnering people to watch sports, which are a billion dollars industry, and without their talent people will not follow sports on TV.




















