Task 1:6.5

The chart below show what UK graduates and postgraduate students who did not go into full-time work did after leaving college in 2008.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparison where relevant.


The given histograms demonstrate the occupation of UK graduate and postgraduate students who did not opt for full-time professions in 2008. Overall, most of them pursue their education while only a few of them did voluntary works. Moreover, considerable number of them, especially in postgraduates, had part-time jobs.

Starting from UK graduates, 29,665 of them choose further study after finishing university. Although 17,735 graduate students were working in part-time works, 3,500 of them were only doing voluntary works. Furthermore, not working neither studying, 16,235 of them were unemployed after finishing university in 2008.

Turning to postgraduates, the pattern looks exactly the same but with different numbers. In this chart most students, 2,725 people, decided to study further similar to graduate students. While the difference between part-time occupation and further study reduced outstandingly, 2,535 of them had part-time jobs, which proportionatly speaking is a considerable amount. Last but not least, patterns in the remaining categories remained the same where voluntary work was 345 and 1,625 students were unemployed in 2008.





Task 2:6(6-6-5-5)

Countries are becoming more and more simiar because people are able to to buy the sae products anywhere in the world.

Do you think this is a positive or negative developement.


Similarity between countries are a great concern nowadays since people can purchase the exact same good every where. In this essay, I want to focus on clothing aspect of this phenomenon. From my point of view, this is a negative development because it destroies modeling occupation in countries.

If people prefer to wear the same clothes, designing profession would get damaged severly. As the need for new type of clothing is no longer presence, dressing companies will fire those employees. This is because they can earn even more money by selling the imported shirts from abroad, and as a consequence, they will not pay designers to design new shirts for them. To illustrate, if people embrace wearing simple T-shirts, companies will lay off its employees whose job is to design flashy patterns on shirts.

On the other hand, from another perspective people do not need to worry about what to wear every day. While it is true that thay still should choose a proper outfit for each occasion, they may wear trending clothing without worrying about looked outdated. People who obsessed with pursuing fashion benefit considerably from this since no matter what they wear, it is still trendy. For instance, girls, who generally follow fashion more, would spend less time to prepare themselves for each party since they exactly know what things they should wear.

In conclusion, even though some might argue having similar cloathing is a positive development because people need not to choose trending clothes to look contemporary, I believe it negatively affects occupations and jobs which engaged with designing of new materials in all countries. 









