Task 1:

The diagram illustrates the production process of ethanol, a biofuel.

Overall, it is seemingly a cyclical process consisting of numerous stages such as, harvesting, processing, and modifying the material. This fuel is created from natural sources.


By receiving energy from sunlight and carbod dioxide, plants and trees are grown in the nature. For the first step, those grown plants and trees are harvested using a tractor. Having being transferred to the factories, they will be pre-processed using a machine to create cellulose. This material is then used in the next stages in the lab, by using more sophisticated tools.

Cellulose is subsequently processed in the lab, using various equipment. The output of this stage are sugars. Next, the ethanol is produced by adding microbes to the sugars. 

After production, the ethanol is ready to be used as a source of fuel by different vehicles such as cars, trucks, and even planes, all of which produce carbon dioxide after combustion. The trees then absorb the carbon dioxide as a source of energy to grow.








Task 2:
It is important for everyone, including young people, to save money for their future.

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?



It is believed that saving money for their future is of utmost necessity for people, particularly for younger generation. Although some may reject this notion by saying we have to provide for our needs today, I am firmly supporting this idea, believing that saving is needed to achieve important milstones in life.

On the one hand, saving is necessary to buy important things in the future. We all have certain needs at a certain age. To illustrate, it is better, less stressful, and more conveninent, for us to own a house or possess a car before having children. However, those things are expensive, making it challenging to buy them without prior planning. Because of this, it is crucial to start to save money from years before. Being at their early stages of their lives, having more time, and more flexibility to plan their future, young people, arguably, can benefit even more from this. 

On the other hand, many would argue that we have needs now and thus we need to spend money on them. Indeed, this is true. People should not limit or forbid themselves from purchasing their daily essential needs. Nevertheless, it is critical to analyze the importance and priority of them. For instance, having problems with their gaming laptop, many young people would spend money to upgrade or buy a new model. However, this may not seem a wise decision should we consider the fact that they could save that money for more important goals like their education. Therefore, making wise and planned decisions is the key.

In conclusion, even though some may say to address our current needs we need to spend today, I strongly believe saving is crucial in life. Not only does saving money help people to have a better and easier life, but it also helps them attain what is impossible to buy with a month salary.





















