Task 1:6.5(6.5-6.5-6-6.5)

The diagram below shows how geothermal energy is used to produce electricity.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The diagram demonstrates the process in which electricity is produced from utulization of geothermal energy.

overall, it is a five-step process which include heating water with hot rocks located deep in the earth to produce steam which is used to rotate a generator.

Firstly two wells with depth of 4.5 km are required on two sides. The first one is for sending cold water, which is called the injection well, and the second one, which is named the production well that should be located on the other side, is for collecting hot water. Next, cold water is pumped down where it gets warm by hot rocks in the geothermal zone. The heated water, consequently, is pumpued up to a condenser where it converts into steam. In the next step, the steam is used to rotate a turbine which directly linked to a generator. In the last stage, the electricity that is produced from the generator will be transferred to the grid for use of consumers.



Task 2:6.5(6.5-6.5-6-6)

Some people believe that allowing children to make their own choices on eceryday matters( such as food,clothes, and entertainment) is likely to result in a society of individuals who only think about their own wishes. Other people believe that it is important for children to make decisions about matters that affect them.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.

Opinions are divided as to how we should allow children to make decision. Although some argue that children should only decide what they want when the decision directly influence them, I believe they have to practice to make decision for everything because this is how the society works. 

On the one hand, leaving daily decisions to children will show them the reality of our world and help them to get prepared for it. In reality we should choose, and we are responsible for our choices. take a child who selects his own clothes, he will know what a good outfit is when he is faced with negative comments. Thus this can help them to have a better taste of fashion. Or if a child selects a poor entertainment habit like playing video games, after becoming overweight and being mocked by their classmates he will realize that exercising is crucial to humans. Therefore, every minor feedback that children gets in their lives is helpful for them; the thing that is true and essential in our lives.

On the other hand, some may say it is important to leave the decisions on the matters that affect children to them to familirize them with the concept of responsibility. By doing this children can understand the importance of decision-making better since they can vividly feel or see the consequence of their choices. Assume a child who is givin a choice of two extra-curriculum classes to go to between his school. If he chooses one and feel uncomfortable to complete it in the summer, he will realize to research more thoroughly about the given alternatives before making decision and not to rush it. However, while I support this idea, this necessarily does not mean that we should not let them to decide between everyday matters.

In conclusion, even though some say we should only let children to participate in pivotal decisions to be able to better remind them of the consequences of their choices, I cannot help but to reject this view. This is because in real world we learn from the feedbacks from others, and every small detail about children's action can be beneficial for their development. However, I am not saying that their view is wrong, I am stating that it is paritially looking into the matter.













