Task 1:



The bar chart below shows the top ten countries for the production and consumption of electricity in 2014.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
Write at least 150 words.


The bar chart illustrates how much electricity different countries produced or consumed in 2014. Overall, while China stood out as the largest producer and consumer, republic of Korea was the lowest in those regards. Notably, in contrast to all countries, Germany consumed more electricity than its production.

China stood out in the first position as the biggest consumer and producer of electricity, with 5,322 and 5,398 billion kWh, respectively, in 2014. In the second position is the US with the consumption of 3,866 billion kWh and production of 4,099 billion kWh, more than 1,000 billion kWh less than China. Other countries' figures were far less than these two.

Russia, which had the best balance between the consumption (1,038 billion kWh) and production (1,057 billion kWh) of electricity, was accounted for the third position. Even though figures in Japan and India was close to that of Russia, numbers in other countries were fairly similar to each other with an average of approximately 550 billion kWh. Nevertheless, Korea accounted for the last position with consuming 449.5 billion kWh and producing 485.1 billion kWh.

There were some anomalies in the data. Notably, only Germany consumed more (582.5 billion kWh) than what it produced (526.6 billion kWh). Moreover, India had the largest gap in its figures. While it produced 871 billion kWh, only billion 698.8 kWh was consumed.







Task 2:



It is suggested by many that history is the most important subject in school. However, I think other subjects are of more importance due to one reason: practicality.

Some argue that by learning history in schools, students will become useful individuals capable of making better decisions. History as a subject is intertwined with learning about the past decisions and their consequences. For example, students can learn that poorly treating their inferior is not a wise choice, and will avoid that if they ever become a manager. Having various extra-curriculum activities in school along with that subject provide the best opportunity for them to test those values they learned into practice. As a result of all of that, they would become mindful individuals when they grow up and would make wiser decisions for the sake of society.

However, some people believe other subjects that allow students to learn practical skills are of more significance comapred to history. This is mainly because not all students are to become leaders nor are to be given major responsibilities. Therefore, subjects such as science and technology are crucial both for their future academic journey or their careers. For instance, they will learn about how to use technological devices, such as computers, that are the most important factor for employment these days. Similarly, they can learn programming that is an invaluable skill in higher education. In contrast to the aforementioned subjects, history is incapable to teach those values to students. Thus, in my view, it has a lower importance in educational system.

In conclusion, although history can prepare students to make wiser decisions later in their lives for the good of the mass, due its incapability of imparting them with practical knowledge for their future occupations and education, I firmly believe that it is less significant compared to subjects such as science and technology. 
























