Task 1:

The diagram below shows how instant noodles are manufactured.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.

The diagram illustrates the process of manufacturing instant noodles. Overall, it is an 8-step, integrated, fully mechanical proecss, involving the preperation of raw materials, cooking, and proper packaging.

In the first step, the raw materials have to be prepared. The flour, which has been stored in the storage silos, is added to a mixer along with water and oil. The mixture is then formed as dough sheets, moving to the next step with the help of a roller. After that, the sheets are transformed to dough strips with a special machine. Before the beginning of cooking process, another device will reshape the material and turned it into noodles discs.

After shaping the raw material to noodles, it is time to cook them. The noodles discs will be submerged into hot oil to be cooked. Next, they will be dried and poured into special cups before additives, such as vegetables and spices, are added to them. 

Finally, it is time for packaging those cups for shipping. Cups are sealed and labeled automatically.




















Task 2:

Some people say that advertising is extremely successful at persuading us to buy things. Other people think that advertising is so common that we no longer pay attention to it.
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



It is suggested that advertisements have been effective to encourage people to buy promoted products. However, I firmly disagree with this notion. Today, rarely do people would pay attention to adverts.

On the one hand, today, we are surrounded by them. For instance, it is extremely common for a 40-minute series to have two different commercial breaks within. People dislike watching them since they interrupt their favorite shows. To cope with this unpleasant trend, they mute their TVs, or do other things during such breaks, such as checking their phones. This is because they know they are not missing anything. They maybe have seen all of those adverts dozen of times in other places, like in subway or on a poster. Hence, ads are so common that people do not even bother to look at them anymore, since they are everywhere. 

On the other hand, despite being common, no one can deny the influence of them on one's subconscious. Creative designs such as a novel song, a reference to a blockbuster movie, using a famous actor, or an interesting slogan create a subconscious image of companies in people's mind. This is significant because we tend to buy products that we trust or at least have heard of.

In my opinion, however, the negative side of this outweighs that potential. What are the chances of being faced with such a choice in our lives? Besides, how would people know about their creative desgin while they tend to intentially ignore them? Who would pay attention to numerous 30-second intrruptions when want to watch tutorials on YouTube? People would even pay for applications to block those disturbance.

In conclusion, although advertising has been tremendously successful in producing creative and eye-catching adverts, people have an adverse bias towards them and tend to dislike them.




















