Task 1:6

The diagram below shows the process for recycling plastic bottles.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The diagram depicts how plastic bottles are recycled. Overall, it is a 9-step process, consisting of collecting, sorting, and comspressing. This process involves the effort of human workers along with relying on modern technology.


The first stages of this process rely more on humans comapred to other steps. Most notably, consumers are responsible for the first one. Only those plastic bottles can be recycled that were placed by individuals in a recyclable dumpster, shown by special recycling sign. Thus, consumers play a crucial role in recycling. Next, a garbage truck collects the materials in those bins and transfer them to the recycling place. In the last step which requires human operatos, workers have to sort bottles, seemingly putting those which can be recycled aside for next stages while placing the rest in a separate bin.

This recycling process, also, relies on machines for completion. The sorted bottles are compressed into one giant cube of bottles, apparently by a machine. In the next step, cubes are crushed with the help of two rotating gears placing next to each other. The crushed material is soaked in a liquid and washed. After that, it will be fed into a machine which will slice them further, creating plastic pallets for the production purposes. After heating raw material and preparing them new goods such as new plastic bottles or other plastic products will be produced.





Tssk 2:6

In some countries, more and more people are becoming interested in finding out about the history of the house or building they live in. What are the reasons for that? How can people research this?



People are increasingly becoming curious about the history of their houses in recent years. In my view, sharing rare experiences that relates them to famous historic characters is the main reason for this. Furthermore, among all available sources, the official government's database is the most trustworthy.


The main reason for this is people's tendency to share about the interesting part of their lives. Simply put, living in a place that once was a house of a famous historic figure is not an usual occasion that happens to anyone.  Therefore, individuals wish to know more about such things to have something significant to share with their peers. No need to mention that the excessive use of social media today fuels this intention. For instance, Guilan was the home of a famously-known defiance group in 100 years ago. People in those district are curious to realize whether any of those leaders lived in their places before. If they did, sharing such things in their online personal pages would make residents feel proud about themselves.

Although there might be various ways to research about this historic information, searching through the municipality official database might be the best alternative. This would be the best option since people can avoid receiving false information, knowing that all documented records are official without any made-up data. To illustrate how inaccurate asking local people might be, suppose a scenario in which a landlord asks his local-old neighbors about such information. The information those people have, is from stories from other individuals, and as we all know, people like to articulate exaggerated stories to demonstrate a regular event as a significant one. They might lie and say a leader lived there while in reality he might just passed from their home once.

In conclusion, the urge of sharing interesting feelings that might stem from living in the house of a famous person in the past is the primary reason why people like to know more about the history of their houses. Moreover, searching through the official records documented in municipality servers would be the most reliable option for those people. 

















