Task 1:6.5(7-7-6-6)

The plans below show the layout of a university's sports center now, and how it will look after redevelopment.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.



The plans demonstrate how current sports center in a university looks like and what changes are expected to be applied in the future.

Overall, although outdoor courts is planned to be replaced with leisure pools and sports hall, the central area, which includes pool, seating, changing room, reception, and gym will remain unchanged. Moreover, new facilities are going to be built.

To begin with, new facilities are expected to be constructed in the vicinity of the current sports center. First, two dance studios will be built close to each other in the east side of the location. Additionally, two changing rooms are planned to be created in the southeast and southwest of the center. While the former is close to a cafe, the latter will be located near the sports shop. It is worth mentioning that both cafe and sports shop are included in the development plan.

Turning to those facilities which either are going to be replaced or improved in the future. Even though most central facilities will remain unchanged, new leisure pool and sports hall will replace the current location of the outdoor courts. Furthermore, an expansion in the area of the gym is expected.

Despite these anticipated changes, some feature will remain exactly the same. Central pool, reception, changing room, and seating are among of these facilities.






Task 2:6(7-6-6-6)

In spite of the advances made in agriculture, many people around the world still go hungry.

Why is this the case?

What can be done about this problem?


Despite recent agricultural developments, many countries are grappling with the challenge of feeding some of their people. Lack of practical knowledge in implementing these advancements is the main source of this issue. What can be done about it? We have to shift our attention to practicality and abandon utterly theoretical research in this regard.

Not being able to utilize known-agricultural knowledge into practice is the principal issue for having hungry men and women these days. In simpler terms, most researchers do not care about the implementation of their work; they only desire to publish scientific articles to become a known figure in academics. For instance, many mechanical engineers are researching new devices or machines to increase harvesting efficiency; however, manufacturing such mediums are often not economically feasible.

Despite such challenges, encouraging scientists to research the practical aspect of this issue is the most effective answer. In other words, governments should dedicate taxpayers' money to fund the research projects which focus on agriculture in a practical application. This is because many university professors do not study this field as it would cost higher compared to publishing a simple theoretical paper in agricultural science. To illustrate, if they had more funding, they would have more Research Assistantship positions and consequently, more Ph.D. students would conduct their thesis on this subject. Finally, this will lead to efficient harvesting processes, which can make foods affordable for all people.

In conclusion, many people in various countries sleep with empty stomachs because their government cannot produce enough food for all of them. This is as a result of not having enough practical knowledge for food production in agriculture. Nevertheless, governments can fix this issue by allocating more money to research on practical agricultural sciences.


















