Task 1:

The given diagram describes three stage of the life of a salmon, which is a large fish. Overall, it is a three-steps process which starts from breaking of eggs, living in fast flowing rivers, and finally ends in open sea.

To begin with, salmons put their eggs under reeds close to small stones in the upper side of the rivers where water moves slowly. After spending approximately 5 to 6 month on those environments fry, which is a small salmon fish roughy 3 to 8 centi meters, begin to move to the lower river. In this part of the river, the water flows faster. After 4 years of swimming and living in the lower side, their size will increase to 12 to 15 centi meteres. In this stage of their life they are called smolt. Smolt now are ready to change their habitant again to open sea. They will live in the sea for 5 years. Finally, after finding mates they will swim to upper river to plant their eggs.







Task 2:



For many years, many mueseum has required buying entry tickets for a tour. While others might say it is not a positive developement, I believe it is beneficial, and in this essay I will elaborate on this topic.

There are two main reseaon why mueseums should charge their visitors. The first one is for their development and maintenance. Having necessary costs such as protection and cleanance, mueseums use portion of that money to take care of errands in it. Mueseum's management also can dedicate this fund hiring skilled guide tour to equip visitors with useful insight about materials in it. Furthermore, the second pivotal reason is to open up gates to those who really want to come since others will not value it. For instance, want to have some diversity, couples may choose mueseums for a date. If people could join easily free of charge, it is likely that they would not listen to explanations or the historic aspect of things, which is disrespecting. 

On the other hand, some drawbacks are also associated with not charging people. The first and obvious one is that more pepole will come. This could make the process of preserving challenging since more cleaning will be required. Larger visitors also could hurt the process of learning for those who are enthusiastic since more noise and distraction would be there. Moreover, if a mueseum did not charge people, someone, in this case the government, should pay for its costs. This means portion of tax from people in that city must be spent which could potentially bring dissidences among people. In this case, mueseum is not independant and this dependancy will cost the people of the city.

In conclusion, algthough some argue that it is better to make mueseums free, I believe by charging them, those who are pasisonate will come that ease the learning process.














