Task 1:


have done it before (6.5-7)








Task 2: 6.5(6-6.5-7-6.5)

Some people say that the best way to improve public health is by increasing the number of sports facilities. Others, however, say that this would have little effect on piblic and that other measures are required.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.


People's health in a society has been a pivotal topic that garners policymakers' attention. Although some say that by improving sports infrastructures we can improve public health, I firmly think that this would have a negligable effect.

From my point of view, sports facilities are not relevant since exercising also can be done with little equipment. For instance, I do not even like to use such facilities for stay fit despite of the fact that I like to exercise a lot. Some activities like doing jump rope, running, and playing football, which I would love to do, do not even require special facilities and people can do them with bare minimum tools. To stay healthy, it is important to have the urge for exercising, nothing else matters. I have seen many people in my life who enrolled for an expensive gym but did not continue going there simply because they did not like to work out. Despite of the fact that building facilities would not be an extremely effective measure, it is better to have them since they could be useful to some individuals.

On the other hand, some say that having such infrastructures can indeed be helpful to people. In fact, this can be true in some extreme cases. These cases happens when a person want do a certain activity, which requires a certain facility, to work out. An example of this is swimming; a swimmer cannot swim in the sea or rivers since the water there is filthy and might harm him. Furthermore, wild animals, inhabitated near those places, can harm that individual. While some might say that person can choose another sport facility to keep in shape, other sports may not be well-suited for him. To illustrate, that person might not have talent in doing alternative sports and doing it consequently could even discourage him from exercising. It is thus crucial to have such essential facilities.

In conclusion, even though some say that constructing new sports complexes could be beneficial to improve the overall health of society, I believe unless in some rare cases, it does not matter as it is the idea of being healthy that pushes people to work out.















