Task 1:



The graph below gives information about the percentage of the population in four Asian countries living in cities from 1970 to 2020, with predictions for 2030 and 2040.



The graph illustrates what proportion of people lives in cities in four Asian countries, along with the projection for the future.

Overall, all cities have been experiencing an increasing trend. While the largest proportion of the population belongs to Malaysia, the least percentage of Thailand's citizens are residing in cities.  


30% of the Malaysia' population lived in cities in 1970. This figure remained the largest proportion throughout the period except for the year 1970 and 1990. It also expected to remain the larget percentage in 2040 with almost 80% of the population living in urban area. While more than 30% of Philippinos lived in cities in 1970, this peaked at 50% in the early 90s. However, this declined to approximately 40% in 2010 before its projection to regain its previous high.


In contrast, this percentage was less than 20% for Thailand in 1970. Nevertheless, this steadily rose and by the 2040 it is predicted to reach more than 40%. In the beginning of the period, only 15% (almost) of the Indonesian people were city residents, which was the lowest compared to other percentages. Similar to Malaysia, numbers increased consistently, and it is expected to reach around 60% by 2040. 




















Task 2:


The most important aim of science should be to improve people's lives. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



It is suggested that the ultimate goal of science must be to make people's lives easier. I completely support this view as, morally speaking, it is the right thing to do, despite the fact that many might argue that scientists should focus on bigger projects, unrelated to our lives, 

On the one side, from moral ground, it is of utmost significance that science should improve people's lives. This is because new discoveries and breakthroughs have been being produced by scientists in institutions or labs, which are funded by the government. This fund comes from people's pocket; it is taxpayers' money. Therefore, all resources should be allocated to attain something in favor of people. To illustrate, delivery time from factories to clients is a big issue today. Hence, researchers should devote their time and their grants to solve this issue, reducing lead time. 

On the other side, however, many would argue that science should take large steps and aim to achieve unachievable things. For instance, NASA must dedicate more fund searching for life on other planets. Elon Musk have to show more dedication to build accommodation for us on Mars sooner; yet, I disagree. The intention behind science is much more important than what it accomplishes. For example, we invented the wheel to transport things easier; we use oven to warm food, eating a healthy diet. There have been numerous innovative things that science introduced, but no one remember them today since the intention behind them was not justified. Thus, building houses on Mars would not be important, were there to be no reason for people to live there, no matter how impressive this mission could be.

In conclusion, although some think science have got to transcencd the boundaries, I firmly believe that the most important goal of science should to make people's lives easier as it is people who are paying their salaries.






























