Task 1:6.5

The diagram below shows the manufacturing process for making sugar from sugar cane

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The diagram depicts how sugar is produced from sugar cane. 

Overall, it is a 7-step process consists of machinary devices and chemical processes.


Farmers are responsible for the initial stages of making sugar. First, sugar canes have to grow between 12 to 18 months. After that, farmers harvest them with the help of traditional and modern tools, seemingly a combine cuts those canes and gather them into a large container. 

In the next step, the harvested suagr canes will be processed by various machines. First, they will be inserted into a machine in charge of converting them to juice. Next, The juice will be purified by using a limestone filter. Evaporation is the following stage, where workers place the purified juice into a container with a led on a heat. Heating it will evaporate and convert the juice to syrup. After that, by the help of centrifuge, sugar crystals will be separated from the syrup. Finally, after drying and cooling the sugar crystals, it will be ready for consumption.













Task 2:6


In the future, all cars, buses, and trucks will be driverless. The only people traveling inside these vehicles will be passengers. Do you think the advantages of driverless vehicles outweigh the disadvantages?

It is suggested that in the future most vehicles will operate independently, and people only use them as transportation means. In my view, the negative effect of such development, such as lower employement rate, is more significant than its advantage, namely, having a productive society.  

Having many driverless vehicles means that there will be lower employment opportunities for drivers. Simply put, taxi, school buses, or trucks do not rely on human to function, leaving many individuals jobless. In addition, it will be exteremly challenging to provide a proper job, with the same salary, for those drivers, due to the lack of expertise. Consequently, having a higher unemployment rate means less stable economy, putting the society on the verge of recession. 

Having said that, using AI-driven vehicles can increase the productivity. In other words, employees can get some portion of their duty done on their way to work. For instance, they can check and respond to their email while they stuck in the traffic. Thus, once they reach to their workplace, they can start working on something new. Although this is true, the downside of this development still outweighs this benefit. Not only does having more of such vehicles hurts the occupation of professional drivers, but also it diminishes the possibility of using them. In simpler terms, if people struggle to make money, it will be problematic for them to afford such advancements. 

In conclusion, even though some people argue that employees will be more productive if they do some of their job on their way to work because of the future AI-powered cars, I believe its drawback can affect us in a more severe and negative way. This will cause less job opportunities, which often followed by a recession.






















