Task 1:

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

The table and pie charts below show the number of research students in Australian universities in 2001 and 2010.Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.

You should write at least 150 words.



The table and pie chart illustrate how many students were researching in Australian universities from 2001 to 2010. Overall, while the number of local research students rose, it was the number of international students that nearly tripled, contributing significantly to the overall increase. Furthermore, although the number of local, female and male students declined, figures in non-local female students nearly quadriple.

The total number of students rose to 54,081 in 2010 from 38,849 in 2001. The international research students were primary accounted for this rise, as their figures reached a significant 14,593 from 5,192, almost three times higher than the one in 2001. Likewise, the number of local students increased, but not as sharply, reaching 39,488 from 33,657.

Among this rise, the proportion of local, male and female students declined to 38% and 35% in 2010 from 44% and 43% in 2001, respectively, reducing the percentage of local students to 73% from its initial 87%. In contrast, the proportion of non-local students more than doubled, at 27% from 13% in the early 2000s. Notably, it was the proportion of international men who grew to an impressive 15%, approximately four times more than its initial value.      







Task 2:

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

Most countries aim to improve their standard of living through economic development, but many important social values can be lost as a result. Do the advantages of economic development outweigh the disadvantages?

You should write at least 250 words.





It is believed that countries are sacrificing societal values to highten the standard of living by economic development. However, the benefits of such trends are far more significant than its weaknesses, and barely are those values lost.

Economic development has several disadvantages. First, it might diminish mutual respect in families. When children realize how hard their parents work to provide for their needs, they would respect and appreciate their effort. Nevertheless, this may not be true for children in a developed country, since they know it is easy to make money. They may think that they could even have similar income if they work. Additionally, better economy means that people can affoard to live in separate houses, and that they can live however they like, enjoying their lifestyle. This favorite style of living could be so joyfull that it might be a burden for them to pay a regular visit to their families, particularly their parents. This, in turn, will disappoint their fathers and mothers. Thus, societal values, especially those related to immediate families, might be lost to some extent.

However, economic development has numerous, undeniable advantages. The first and foremost is higher salaries. Because people in developed countries can find jobs with higher salaries easier, they will be able to afford the goods or services they need. This development can compensate for all societal shortcomings, such as not knowing enough about their history. Furthermore,  better economy means better life. The people would live under less stress. For instance, they would not experience pressure at work, nor would not they need to be worried about paying bills every month. As a result, they will live a happy life and age peacefully. Hence, these benefits, which are achieved only by raising the standard of living through economic development, are more than enough to cover for the loss of social values.

In conclusion, even though such developments might undermine some social values, the higher income along with the lower level of daily stress fully compensate for these shortcomings.



























