Task 1:6.5(7-6-6-6)

The two maps below show and island, before and after the construction of some tourist facilities.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.

The map demostrates how an island has altered after adding new facilities for tourists. Overall, before the changes, the island was not suitable for tourists since it did not have anything but trees; nonetheless, after construction, new facilities such as resturants, accommodation places, and vehicle tracks become available for them.

After alterations, almost everything change but the trees. The island is left with the exact same amount of trees that it had before. Nevertheless, except for this fact, everything has changed. New accommodation has become avaiable for visitors in the center and the left side of the island. Moreover, new footpath is built to connect them to each other. A new restaurant and reception have also been built that is connceted to each other by vehicle track. These changes, however, are not only limited to the surface of the island.

They also have build new facilities around it. A new swimming area can be seen in the west side of it. Furthermore, a pier is constructed in the south side of the island which is connected to the reception via the vehicle road. The pier, seemingly, is used by the people that want to ride a boat.


Task 2: 7(7-7-7-6.5)

Some experts believe that it is better for children to begin learning a foreign language at primary school rather than secondary school.

Do the advantages of this outweigh the disadvantages?


The age in which students should start to learn a new language has been a debatable topic. Although some say it is better to start from primary schools, others believe the process of teaching should begin from secondary ones. This essay will delve deeper into benefits and drawbacks of teaching children a foreign language from primary schools.

Teaching a foreign language to students could have several advantages. One of them could be that it is easier for children to learn from an early age. when it comes to learning, humans are sharper at their first stages of their lives. For instance, kids manage to comprehend and speak a whole new language without knowing anything about it by the time they reach four; or young chess grandmasters, usually younger than 12 years old, are extremely hard to beat since they can calculate all possible lines in a minute. because of this, students learn more efficiently in primary school. Moreover, another benefit is the implication of learning on their other courses in the future. Since in secondary schools students must learn more complicated courses such as calculus and science, if they learned a foreign language, they could have dedicated more time studying those courses; Nevertheless, teaching children a new language from primary schools could have certain drawbacks. 

There are two major disadvantages associated with teaching students a second language from primary schools. The first one is the fact that they might not be able to get a solid grasp on their literature. Given that they need to use their formal native language to communicate, study, and live in their country, it is pivotal to master it. Learning two languages at the same time could affect having a deeper knowledge on their first language. This could happen because grammatical structures of languages differ from each others. Furthermore, adding a new language course could indirectly have an impact on other courses in future. Take math for example; to learn advanced things like derivatives well, which are taught after primary schools, students have to have learned simpler concepts such as linear algebra and sets, which are taught at primary ones. Adding a new course means diminishing hours of these classes that can lead to less time for students to practice them. Not learning them well, they would have problems with complicated concepts in the future.

In conclusion, providing second language courses in primary schools could be beneficial for children since they will learn it more conveniently. On the other hand, adding this new course to the weekly chart has some cons such as less time for practicing and learning more important courses like literature or understanding solid concepts in math or science.
















