writing 1

The given bar chart depicts how many films are rented and sold in each year in one specific store from years 2002 to 2011. Overall, annual number of rents, along with VHS sales decreased gradually, and DVDs products become the most popular product in the store throughout the period.

The numbers in old-fasioned ways of watching movies, namely, renting and VHS tapes, experienced a steady decline from the beginning of the period. The former decreased from 170,000 in 2002 to just above 50,000 in 2011 and the latter reached zero in 2006 onward from its initial 80,000 in 2002.

Turning to other types of sales, DVDs rose sharply from below 50,000 in 2002 and reached its peak at more than 210,000 movies in 2007. Although with the dawn of the Blu-ray DVDs in 2007 DVD sales declined steadily, Blu-ray gained attention and growed from no sales in 2006 to near 15,000 in 2011.






writing 2

Some people get into debt by buying things they don't need and can't afford.

what are the reasons for this behaviour
what action can be taken to prevent people from having this problem


The habit of purchasing has garnered attention recently. Nowadays, some people are obsessed to purchase unnecessary goods that they cannot buy even by exposing themselves to unrealistic loan plans. This essay will examine the causes of this phenomenon along with the possible solutions to tackle them.


One simple explanation behind this attitude is the people's tendency to show off, and this could be caused by many possible reasons such as observing other's lifestyles or the desire to ensemble to reach people. For instance, a woman would like to change her table with a new one that she saw on a TV program while she did not really need it, even in the price of being under debt for many years. This issue can be categorized as a psychological one and can be addressed by therapy sessions where she can learn that she should resist the temptation of having a new table. 



the economic instability could be another driving force behind this act. It has been proven that in an economy where prices are surging, people would do anything to save their value of money. To illustrate further, some people see these equipments as a speculation chance because of their expectation of future. Due to the fact that a tool that they do not need could cost more in the future, they will take risk and provide the required money by receiving a loan from bank to buy and keep it to sell it in the future. Although this issue is much more complex to tackle than the previous one, government should provide a stable economy for their citizens to prevent such opportunities for speculators.



In conclusion, there exist several reasons that pursue people to acquire unaffordable goods by getting into debt. As mentioned, one possible possibility could be related to the psychological aspect of a person such as obsession to look like reach people, and the second one is speculation chances in a poor economy. Even though the first one is straightforward to tackle and can be handled by therapy, second issue is much more challenging and requires improving the infrastructures that can potentially lead to a stronger economy that eliminates such opportunities. 








