Task 1:6(6.5-6-6-5.5)


The tables below give information about sales of fairtrade labelled coffee and bananas in 1999 and 2004 in five European countries.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make a comparison where relevant.

The given tables demonstrate the amount of sales associated with coffee and bananas which are sold at the fair agreed price in 1999 and 2004 in five European countries.

Overall, with only two exception, banana sales in Sweden and Denmark, sales in all countries for both goods increased in 2004. Switzerland and the UK, Also, accounted for the highest amount of sales for bananas and coffee, respectively.


Starting from Coffee, consumption of this good increased severely from 1.5 million euros in 1999 to 20 million in 2004 in the UK, which was the most popular country for drinking coffee in the table in 2004. Moreover, consumption in Switzerland and Belgium almost doubled. Despite of an increase from 0.8 million in 1999 to 1 million in 2004, Sweden had the lowest sales in the coffee sales between others.

Turning to bananas, sales in Switzerland more than doubled with a rise from 15 million euros in 1999 to 47 million in 2004. The largest increase, nevertheless, belongs to the UK where sales grew almost 5 times from 1 million to 5.5 million in 2004. The noticeable feature is the decrease in Sweden's and Denmark's which were against the general trend of both goods in all countries. The sales in the former declined from 1.8 million euros in 1999 to 1 million in 2004 and similarly, sales almost halved in Denmark from 2 million to 0.9 million euros in 2004.


Task 2:6.5(6.5-6-6.5-6)

Some people think that all university students should study whatever they like. Others believe that they should only be allowed to study subjects that will be usefull in the future, such as those related to science and technology.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.



Today, one of the pivotal arguments in favor of higher education is that what students should study. Although some say students should follow their interests, others say it is crucial to study useful majors. In this essay, I will articulate why it is necessary for students to freely decide their desired subject.

Having an interest in an subject can help students through their academic journey. Academic studies consists of numerous rigorous courseworks which can be challenging to deal with if one does not have a passion for it. In fact, we all have seen many pupils who abandoned their education since they could not tolerate their courses. However, they would attend regularly in their classes if they had chosen their favorite major. From my point of view, this is the right approach, for by having a goal, they will know what to do with the materials they learn. Consequently, they can use that knowledge into practical things. For instance, a literary student can utilize seemingly-useless courses to write an advanced self-motivation book to encourage millions of people.

On the other hand, the opposing group argue university students must only enroll on needed programs as it is the knowledge that society need. To illustrate, society need civil or mechanical engineers in the future to build bridges and cars for citizens, respectively. Simply put, many subjects might not be in demand and it is pointless to financially support students in those majors. For instance, using taxpayers' money to fund stundets who study chineese history will not benefit people. Having said that, from my perspective, it is wrong to only allow youngsters to study predetermined subjects since as a consequence, the overall education level will diminish. This happens because many of them either will not apply in those subjects or find it arduous to finish it because of the lack of interest.

In concluion, while some say it is necessary that universities only propose few needed majors as they are pivotal for societal development, I firmly think students should be free to opt for whatever subject they wish.











