Task 1:6(6-6-6-5)

The table below shows the numbers of visitors to Ashdown Museum during the year before and the year after it was refurbished. The charts show the result of surveys asking visitors how satisfied they were with their visit, during the same two periods.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons wherer relevant.

The table illustrates changes in the number of people who visited Ashdown Museum after and before refurbishment. The chart, also demonstrates how people felt of their visit before and after the changes.

Overall, number of visitors rose after refurbishing the museum, and the portion of people who were satisfied increased after making changes. Moreover, lesser visitors regreted from coming to Ashdown museum after refurbishing it.

Starting from the table, refurbishment was successful in garnering individuals. 92,000 people annually come to Ashdown museum while this number was only 74,000 before the redecoration.

Turning to the surveys, overal satisfaction rose from 30% to 40% and similarly, dissatisfaction decreased tremendously from 40% before changes to only 15% after it. Furthermore, this percentage for those who were very satisfied with their visit more than doubled and reached 35% from its initial 15%. Also, the exact opposite happened to dissatisfied individuals and it almost halved. Likewise, percentages in very dissatisfied visitors exactly halved at 5% after changes; the previous one was 10%.







Task 2:(GPT6:6-6.5-6-6|Gemini7.5:7-7.5-7-7.5)

Many governments think that economic progress is their most important goal. Some people, however, think that other types of progress are equally important for a country.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.



Opinions are divided as to the ultimate purpose of governements. Although some argue all types of improvement in society can be considered as governments' goals, I firmly believe that the economic one is the most pivotal.

Making changes in the economy is not an easy task and only the government, which has power and can control people, is able do it. Improving the economy demands special tools, which only officials have, and changing the situation without them is an arduous task if not impossible. One of these tools is interest rates, which can increase or decrease money circulation in a country. For instance, the government could rise it when the country is grappling with inflation and would decrease it if people were struggling with stangnation. In my opinion, it is crystal clear that the most crucial function of authorities is to control the economy since nobody other than them can do it.

On the other hand, some may say that other progresses such as those in socialogical ones are equally important. This belief stem from the fact that everything is not about money. For example, many poor people reside in each town that require shelter or food, and the government should organize them. While it is true that all aspect of society demand governements' attention, I think some of them can be partially addressed by people or private institutions. Take charity for instance, they garner money from people to help the poors without officials intervention. Nevertheless, no organization is strong and mighty enough to make a difference in the economy.

In conclusion, even though some argue all sorts of improvement worth the same, from my perspective, the ones related to the economy have higher importance. This is because, private secotrs can at least alleviate the challenging circumstances in other areas, but only the government have the tools to manipulate economy to make the situation better for all people.




















