Task 1:6(6-6-6-6)

The chart below shows how frequently people in the USA ate in fast food restaurants between 2003 and 2013.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparison where relevant.


The chart illustrates how often people in the USA consume fast food between 2003 and 2013.

Overall, a considerable portion of Americans ate in fast food restaurants either once a week or couple of times during a month.

Starting from those who ate more than one meal of fast food in a week, almost 4% of American said that they ate fast food every day. More than 16% of people in the USA stated that they consumed such foods several times a week in 2003. This percentage rose to 20% in 2006 and diminished to less than 16% in 2013. Also, more than 30% of people ate fast foods at least once a week in 2003 and 2006. However, this percentage decreased to almost 28% in 2013.

Turning to the healthier portion of US citizens, less than 5% of them stated that they have never consumed processed foods in 2003. This number declined even more to almost 4% in 2006 and 2013. Nevertheless, the portion of those who go to fast food restaurants few times a year rose from roughly 13% in 2003 to 15% in 2006 and remained constant until 2013. The trend in people who ate one or twice a month was different from others. Even though the percentage for those people were at 30% in 2003 after a 5% decrease in 2006, it achieved a new high at more than 32% in 2013.





Task 2:

In a number of countries. some people think it is necessary to spend large sums of money on constructing new railway lines for very fast trains between cities. Others believe the money should be spent on improving existing public transport.

Discuss both these views and give your opinion.

People have different views about the development in public transportation. While some believe new railways have to be constructed for faster trains, others support developing other modes of transportation. In my view, although it is important to have progress in all modes, the construction of new railways should have a higher priority because of its merits, namely affordability and ease. This essay will examine both views and attempt to draw a conclusion.

On the one hand, as fast trains are the most efficiet method for traveling between cities, governments have to spend more money to improve their infrastructures. Traveling via this mode, is more convenient, cheaper, and faster than other alternatives. Take personal cars and airplanes as possible replacements. If a family wish to go on a trip with their cars, providing fuel can cost them a lot in many countries. Moreover, the driver has to drive for a long time which is arduous. Opting for fast trains can remove these challenges. Likewise traveling with planes are extremely expensive and may consist unpredicted cancelation. Trains are both cheaper, faster compared to cars, and less risky than planes.

On the other hand, some may say other public transportation within the city have to be improved because people use them more. They believe, for instance, buses inside the city are used more often by citizens. Buses will get worn out sooner and require replacements in shorter period. Even though this is true, it cannot justify spending money on improving them instead of developing railways. This is because the benefits of having more rails for faster trains are more than other modes. One of such advantages, for example, is saving time that they can offer. On the contrary, better buses do not make any difference since people will only ride them for a few minutes.

In conclusion, budget allocation regarding public transportation is controversial. Although some say common inner-city modes of transportation have to be improved since more people use them daily, I believe the opposite. This is because having more rails for faster trains means more opportunity for using them. This, consequently, mean that we can travel faster, save more time, more money especially on fuel, and it is more convenient for drivers.






























