Task 1:6(6-6-6-6)

The graph shows the consumption of fish and some different kinds of meat in a European country between 1979 and 2004.
Summarise the informatin by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparison where relevant


The given line graph illustrates what are the patterns in which people consume fishes and other types of meat in an European country between 1979 and 2004. Overall, although chickens became the most popular type of meat, consumption of fishes stayed the lowest throughout the period. Moreover, people tended to reduce consuming beefs and lambs while increased their tended to eat more chickenes.

Starting from red meats, each person ate more than 200 grams beef per week in 1979, which was the highest number and remained at the top until 1989. This number after peaking in 1984 nearly at 240, declined consistently onward. Similarly, lambs experienced the same patterns, starting from 150 grams in 1979 and after a gradual fall ended at roughly 50 grams per week per person in 2004.

Shifting attentions to the healthier meats, namely chickens and fishes, the pattern in consumption of fish, which was unique in the data, almost did not change and remained constant. It started from above 50 grams and finished at just below 50 in 2004. Last but not least, The only upward trend in the data was chicken. Chicken's consumption started from nearly 150 grams, steadily rose and peaked at 250 grams per person per week, which was the highest among all other products. 




Task 2:7(7-7-7-6)


Some people believe that there should be fixed punishments for each type of crime. Others, however, argue that the circumstances of an individual crime and the motivation for committing it should always be taken into account when deciding on the punishment.



Opinions are divided as to how we should punish criminals. Although some say that we should associate a fixed amount of jail time for each type of crime, I firmly believe that by considering the intention of rule breakers we could have a just judicial system.

Motivation is what persuades criminals to break the law. Even though a tiny portion of them like serial killers could be mentally ill with no clear motives, most of them decide to commit crimes for self benefits including but not limited to earning money. Some of these individuals, for instance, might rob banks with the intention of using the stolen money to help their beloved with their disease. These people should not be treated similarly to the killers that attempt armed robbery to steal money to have an easy life for themselves. Motivation, therefore, is a significant factor to consider before sentencing each criminal.

On the other hand, others think that the action of breaking laws are ethically wrong, no matter what is the purpose behind it. They also argue that to give each robber the same verdict is indeed a fair judgment because ethically, the goal will not justify means. In other words, criminals should be punished based upon what they did since the way in which they desire to reach their objective is inexcusable. Treating them differently could have negative consequences in society. To illustrate, a kidnapper could cause fear and horror in the kidnapped person himself and his family to receive the money he wanted. He should be punished equally to their peer, because if not, others can be encouraged to do the same thing.

In conclusion, even though some people think that we should have a unified system to sentence law-breakers to avoid discrimination, I personally think that it is unfair to not consider their intentions. The least that judges can do is to reduce the jail time in the cases in which intentions are somehow justifiable.   














