Task 1:



















Task 2:

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

Nowadays people use bicycles less as a form of transport. Why is this the case? What can we do to encourage people to use bicycles more?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from own knowledge or experience.

You should write at least 250 words.



In recent years, the use of bicycles, as vehicles for transportation, has been diminished. It is their inconvenince, including sweating, and the avaiability of alternative transportation methods that caused this. Moreover, governments, by investing into biking systems and advertising, can encourage people to use them more.

There are several reasons why people do not use bicycles as a form of transportation. The first and the foremost is the effort required for using them. Arguably, most people use transportation systems for important purposes, which demand focus and attention, such as going to work or school, and not for recreational purposes. Undeniably, by using bicycles as a transportation mode they will be sweating once their reach their destination since riding a bike is a demanding activity. This might make it harder for them to be fully focused in work or school because of being exhasted and sweaty. In addition, riding bikes might be difficult for some, particularly those whose workplace are far from their homes. In contrast to using bicycles, there are numerous efficient alternatives, such as subway which are faster, and personal cars which are more convenient. Hence, using those vehicles as a mode of transportation is not the best decision one can make.


There are numerous ways to encourage people to use bicycles as a transport. The primary, and arguably the most effective, method is making them accessible. Should people observe the possibility of make use of them, since they are cheap or cheaper compared to other methods, barely can they resist not using them. The government can facilitate their access by developing a bicycle sharing system inside cities and creating special roads for them. Furthermore, were a person to aware of bicycles' benefits on health, he, or she, would gravitate toward them. It is universally known that using bicycles is a form of exercise which help reduce the cholostrol level. As a result, people will be healthier. Governments' role is to raise awareness among citizens about the aforementioned advantages through the media or commercials in TV.

In conclusion, although the availability of common transport, including cars and trains, along with difficulties with riding bicycles cause a drop in using them as a transortation method, the government, by facilitating their access and raising the awareness of their health benefits, can persuade people to use them.






















