Task 1:5

The diagram below displays the life cycle of a lady bird and its anatomy. Summarize the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.


The diagram depicts the life cycle as well as the anatomy of a lady bird.

Overall, lady birds undergo four-stages of transformation during their lives, which are egg, laval, and pupa stages along with adulthood. Additionally, they are a type of cockroach with red elytra and wing.

The life cycle of this creature is consists of four stages. At first, egg have been laid on leaves; this stage will last somewhere between 2 to 5 days. After getting out of those eggs, the larval stage began. This will continue for the next 21 days, which is the longest stage before reaching adulthood. Next is the pupa stage in which the larva confined itself with a catapillar stuck on a leaf. After passing 7 days, an adult ladybug will come out of the catapillar. This cycle will continue after adults laying eggs again.

The anatomy of a lady bird has many common features with regular bugs but with minute differences. The abdomen is located in the back, bottom of the creature, just close to legs. On the head, there is antenna, eye, and pronotum. It is the red elytra and wings, which are located on the back and cover the whole body, that makes them unique. 





Task 2:6.5
It is more important for a building to be functional than beautiful. Architects should not worry about designing buildings as works of art. To what extent do you agree or disagree? Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.


It is suggested by some people that it is the functionality of the building that matters. Therefore, architects should not bother themselves incorporating artistics features in the building. Yet, I strongly disagree with view. In my view, having such a house can boost the confidence of the owner and conveys a sactisfactory feeling. Furthermore, those structures can help people in navigation and is a positive achievement in the architects' CV.


The first rationale in favor of beautiful buildings is the satisfaction of the owners. Living in a house with a gorguous view from outside can have positive psychological effects on people who live there. For instance, the owners can feel proud about themselves for living in that place; And they will express this emotion by posting pictures of their house on social media accounts. 

The second reason is because of possible future benefits with regard to finding directions. In other words, a well-desgined bulding by an architect can be known and identified quite effortlessly. Such architectures are perfect signs to guide people to find their destinations.

Moreover, designing spectacular buildings is a strong accomplishment for the creators and this can help them to be hired for other projects. That is to say, if a building was a true piece of art, it would be a positive aspect among the people in the related community. After being seen by art enthusiastics, that particular design can even be nominated for awards associated with architectures. Hence, people will recognize the designers, which is the key factor for recieving future job offers.


In conclusion, I completely reject the idea building should be solely funtional instead of being artistic. Firstly, living in those houses can be a psychological boost for the families. In addition to that, not only can those structures be used in navigation, especially in giving addresses to non-local people, it also can be a good project for the creators in their portfolio, which can facilitates their chance of employement. 














