Task 1:

You should spend about 20 minutes on this task.

The graph below shows the quantities of goods transported in the UK between 1974 and 2002 by four different modes of transport.

You should write at least 150 words.






The graph illustrates how many goods were transported in the UK, represented in million tonnes, from 1974 to 2002 with four modes of transportation, namely water, road, rail, and pipeline.

Overall, while road transportation was the most popular mode for transporting goods, the least amount goods transported via pipeline within the given period; even though using water and road experienced a rising trend, a relatively stable pattern can be observed in the other modes.


Road transportation, unlike other given modes, witnessed a fairly continual increasing trend, rose in all years except for a decline in mid 80s, reaching above 90 million tonnes from its initial almost 70 million tonnes in the mid-70s.

In the beginning of the period, the number of relocated goods via rail and water were roughly the same, at 40 million tonnes. However, this chanced after the late-70s. Although transported goods from water continually increased to more than 60 at the end of the period, figures for the rail hovered around 40 and did not change much.

Notably, the sharpest rise was seen in pipeline, although it was the lowest, reaching more than 20 million tonnes in the early 80s from almost 5 in 1975. However, this did not continue and the figure remained stable onward. More importantly, the most stable numbers belong to this mode of transportation, remaining at almost the same level for more than 20 years.











Task 2:

You should spend about 40 minutes on this task.

Some countries have introduced laws to limit working hours for employees. Why are these laws introduced? Do you think they are a positive or negative development?

You should write at least 250 words.





Today, more than ever, countries emphasize on enacting laws that regulate their employee's working hours. This trend emerges to boost productivity in workplace, and from my point of view, it is a positive one since it helps both the employees and companies.


These laws have been introduced to improve worker's productivity in workplace. Higher working hours means that employees have fewer time to spend with their families. This could lead to unsatisfaction which, in turn, would cause arguments and fights inside their homes, reducing the quality of their relationships. It is likely that this would affect employees' mentality and mood, lessen their productivity and distracting them at work. Hence, those laws can boost the quality of the work that people do.  

Such legistlations are positive developments. By limiting working hours, employees would have more free time to spent with their loved ones or to exercise. Such healthy habits can definitely boost their overall health and personal relationships. Because of this, it is likely that they would not need to visit doctors or psychologists, limiting use of the insurance provided by their organizations. This can reduce companies' financial burden. Thus, it is a win-win situation for both employees and employers.

In conclusion, laws that limit working hours has been introduced to boost worker's focus, which will lead to more efficient companies. Additionally, I believe this legistlation is a postive trend which helps workers to improve their health, relationships, and indirectly reduce companies' expanses.

















