Task 1:

The chart below shows the total number of minutes (in billions) of telephone calls in the UK divided into three categories, from 1995-2002.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The histogram demonstrates how many minutes (in terms of billion) people called each other in the UK from 1995-2002, considering three various means of calling. Overall, calling through a fixed line, known as local calls, was the most popular while mobiles were the least popular one. Moreover, although the trend in local calls was upward and then reversed, mobile and fixed line calls were getting popularity throughout the period and their numbers were steadily rising.

Starting from the year 1995, people talked to each other via a fixed line more than 70 billion minutes while mobiles were starting to gain attention with only couple of billion minutes. Almost half of the share of local calls are accounted for the fixed line in that year. As progressing through time, the amount of calls increases in all three categories until the year 2000. After 2000, calls in the fixed line started to diminish after its peak at 90 billion minutes in 1999 and continued onward while other categories were still rising. Although the rise in the fixed line were consistent and gradual, mobile calls increased sharply from 1999 onward. Furthermore, the difference between each category diminished from what it was at the beginning of the period.




Task 2:7(7-7-6.5-6)


Some people believe that unpaid community service should be compulsory part of high school programmes (for example working for a charity, improving the neighbourhood or teaching sports to younger children).

To what extent do you agree or disagree?

The fact that whether unpaid community services should be compulsory or not has been subjected to a significant debate. Although some believe it must be obligatory for all high school students, I firmly think that this should not be the case.

From my point of view, the idea of doing unpaid community services is about one's intention. People often do these jobs because they want to sleep better at nights and that it is the moral side of these activities that makes them special. If someone is forced to do them, he either would not do it right or finds a way to do it faster without considering the outcome. This, consequently, will lead to poor results. For instance, if students were compulsed to teach sports to younger ones, they would randomly whisteling or yelling at children, which could even have negative impact on their development. Having said that, these mandatory activities could have some positive impacts. 

On the other hand, others agree with this policy, because they believe unpaid jobs can have positive implication on students themselves. They argue that by doing these services they will learn the importance of helping in society. For example, by working in a charity, a student will realize that there exist poor people who require our help. knowing this, they will donate more to charities to support those people. However, as I articulated above, these measures could be effective if these activities were done voluntierly. The assigned adolescent might get angry to do the things that they do not want, and this could have a reverse impact on them. To illustrate, a student might evade helping charity when he grows up just because he did not have good memories associated with it from high school.

In conclusion, Although some say it is good to have unpaid compulsory programs in high schools because by doing them students will learn the significance of helping people, I think these programs would not be effective unless it is done by choice. This is because students do not want to do it and might procastinate their jobs just to fill the remaining hours.
































