Task 1:
The plans below show the site of an airport now and how it will look after redevelopment next year.
summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and amke comparisons where relevant.


The given plans illustrate how an airport will be changed in the next year after its development. Overall, a new area will be constructed, which can be seen in the north part of the right plan, along with the new facilities in the current building. Moreover, several sections such as security, passport control and customs will not be altered.


The first change that every passenger will notice is the departure and arrival doors, which will be extended. In addition, The position of cafe and check-in area will not be the same. As it is clear from the top part of the map, the next big change is replacing the walkway with a sky train.

Several new facility that the airport does not currently acquired will be added. the most noticeable one, is an extended "Y" shape area that will be erected in top part of the plan. Furthermore, an area will be dedicated to car hire just at the right of the entrance. Bag drop, shops, and ATM are other facilities that airport does not have now and will be added to the it by the end of the next year.




Task 2:

Many manufactured food and drink products contain high levels of sugar which causes many health problems. Sugary products should be made more expensive to encourage people to consume less sugar.



Excessive sugar consumption has been a serious issue. Today, there exist many foods or beverages with high extent of sugar, which can cause health issues. Because of that, some people believe that these products should be unaffordable to discourage people from consuming them in high quantities. In this essay, I will explain why this is not the right decision by discussing both positive and negative views.



It is well-known that using excessive sugar in the daily diet with cause health problems such as diabetes or cardiovascular issues. Due to this fact, some people firmly believe that it is a wise decision to limit the consumption of sugary goods by increasing the price of them. To illustrate why this strategy could be effective, I have to talk about a real-life example that happened to my family. We used to consume coca with each meal in our home; however, after a rise in its price by officials, we could not afford to buy it every day and we reduced the rate of consumption gradually. This continued to a point that we fully eliminated it from our diet.


On the other hand, this approach could have several hidden side effects on the economy. By taxing these products, the sales of the companies that are producing them will decrease. Consequently, since it is not feasible for the companies to have the same amount of labors as they had, they will fire most of them. As a consequence, the employment rate of the country will drop and the nation may enter a recession that might last for many years. In fact, a study indicated that increasing the price of products containing high amount of sugar in one country will cause a shock in its economy that will be followed by inflation.

In conclusion, excess use of sugary products are major concern of different nations. To address it, many of them control the overall health condition in their society by making those products harder to afford. Even though this approach might be effective, it will bring economic chaos and make workers of the companies jobless.









