Task 1: 6.5

The chart below shows the results of a survey about people's coffee and tea buying and drinking habits in five Australian cities.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The chart demonstrates what portion of residents consumed or purchased coffee or tea that is collected from a survey in five Australian cities.

Overall, except for Adelaide, most residents in each city have gone to a cafe to consume various drinks. Moreover, people prefer buying instant coffee over purchasing a fresh one.

More people in Hobart, Sydney, and Melbourne have bought fresh coffee in last four weeks compared to those in other cities. Nearly 45% of Sydney residents have purchased a fresh coffee while this number is almost 42% and 37% in Melbourne Hobart, respectively. Likewise, people in these cities have gone to a cafe more often relative to others. More than 65% of the people in Melbourne have been to a cafe in the last four weeks. This percentage is roughly 60% and 63% for Sydney and Hobart. It is noteworthy that Hobartians consumed more instant coffee than any other people in other cities.

A smaller proportion of people in Brisbane and Adelaide, less than 35% in both, bought fresh coffee compared to other residents. Yet, when it comes to instant coffee, they are accounted for the second and the third place by nearly 53% and 51%, respectively.  






Task 2:6.5

Is some countries owning a home rather than renting one is very important for people. Why might this be the case? Do you think this is a postitive or negative situation?



In some countries, it is believed by people that possessing a house is more benficial than renting it. This happens frequently in developing economies because of its uncertaint nature. This is also a negative situation since it can be followed by the economic bubbles in the housing market.

The primary reason for this is to cope with the uncertainty in an unstable economy. In other words, as inflation is high in such economy, it is likely for landlords to increase the rent each year, putting the burden of worrying about providing the rent on people who rented their place. In addition to that, the government usually cannot afford raising the wages; thus citizens' purchasing power will be weakened each year. To cope with this challenge, it is significant for people to have a place on their own. Although owning a house will not solve the economic challenges of a young couple, it is, undeniably, a relieve to not have any stress about the safety of your living place.

Additionally, in my opinion, manipulations stem from the demand which is caused by the urge in buying houses makes this situation a negative one. In simpler terms, if people be aware of this situation, they wish to purchase a place, causing a housing market more liquid. This increase in liquidity is a perfect place for speculators to make profit out of. As a result of this speculations, there will be housing bubble, the situation in which the price of a good is higher that its real value. It is worth noting that real buyers will find it difficult to purchase a house for themselves.

In conclusion, couples prefer owning a place since if they had, they would be less worried about the economic shocks which can effect the future rent. Furthermore, this phenomenon is a disadvantage to the economy, particularly housing market because it forces buyers to puchase a house at a higher price.





















