Task 1:


The line graph shows the percentages of Australian export with four countries.

The graph below shows the percentage of Australian exports to 4 countries from 1990 to 2012

You should write at least 150 words.







The graph illustrates what proportion of Australian goods are exported with other countries, namely, Japan, the US, China, and India, from 1990 to 2012.


Overall, though exports to Japan possessed the highest portion from the beginning of the 90s until the mid 20s, China surpassed in this regard from that point onward. Notably, changes in China was quite volatile, compared to other counties, and export with it increased drastically.

Exports with China experienced a completely different pattern from the other countries. While only under 5% of the exports were associated with it from 1990 to 2000, this changed severly and this percentage rose significantly thereafter. Over a 10-year period, starting form 2000, exports with china reached more than 25%, 20% higher than its initial value.

Exports with India and the US convereged to just above 5% at the end of the period. Although, percentages in the US were fluctuating around 10% from 1990 to early 20s, it suddenly decreased, and plateaued at roughly 7%. Likewise, percentage in India reached the same level but with a different path. After hovering ,approximately, around 2%
 until 2000, it rose nearly to 7% and remained there afterward.


Finally, figures in Japan declined sharply over a 5-year period starting from 1990, from more than 25% to 20%. After which, it smoothly decreased and reached to almost 17% in 2012.


















Task 2:


In many countries today, if people want to find work, they have to move away from their friends and their families.

Do you think the advantages of this development outweigh the disadvantages?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from own knowledge or experience.

You should write at least 250 words.






In many countries, it is believe that if individuals desire to work, they have to leave their families and friends. While living alone might nurture some values in them, it is likely that those people will suffer from psychological issues later in their lives. Thus, I firmly think it will do more bad than good. 

On the negative side, this phenomenon has an adverse impact on people, themselves, and their beloved from psychological perspectives. Those who opt for employment in other cities ought to bail on their friends, putting themselves in a situation in which they will be prone to emotional instability. Being away from ones' frineds, for instance, reduce their circle of friendship, promoting lonliness that will give rise to further psychological issues. This is significant as will it be much more challenging to make new friends as we age. And chronologically speaking, searching for work often coincides with mid-life crisis. As a social spicies, this will alleniate us at some point down the line.

On the positive side, one can gain valuable experiences, such as being imparted with the benefit from an independant lifestyle, advocaters may say. The fact that being alone helps people to gain valuable experiences and lessen their reliance on their family persuades supporters to back this statement. They also argue that though this change will comprise hardships, it is an essential part of our lives, which we need to cope with. Notwithstanding that such comments might be true, but only to a limited extent, I believe being independant does not necessary mean that one should live alone in another city, far away from their parents. Rather, they can experience this by renting a place in the same city, which enables them to pay a visit to their families regularly. And being forced to move away happens as a result of lack of infrastructures which forces workforce to migrate.


In conclusion, even though moving away from ones' beloved in persuit of an occupation could promote their indepandence, strengthening them for future challenges, I firmly think that this is a negative development. My rationale is that there is no need to achieve those values by moving to another cities. Most importantly, being away from close members of ones' lives can expose them to mental problems.





























