writing 1:

The given graph demonstrates the extent of three various crimes, depicted in numbers of cases, that happened in Newport city center between the years 2003 to 2012. Overall, car theft and robbery from a person- which from now on will be regarded as robbery alone- fluctuates and does not illustrate a clear trend while burglary experienced an obvious decline and remained constant onward.

Robbery and stealing cars, even though car theft is almost 5 times higher than robbery, represented similar patterns throughout the period, and both of them came back to their starting point. Considering Reports about the cars, it showed a sharp decline from 2700 in 2005 to just above 2000 in 2006 and steadily grew after that. Moreover, robbery did not change conspicuously and remained between 800 to 500 cases in the period.

Turning to burglary, numbers represented a sharp steady fall from its peak at 3700 in 2004 to its all-time low in 2008. From 2008 to the end of the period, the number of burglary reports, which rose a bit after the dip in 2008, did not change until the year 2012.

The chart below shows the changes that took place in three different areas of crime in Newport city centre from 2003-2012.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant



writing 2:


Until the last decade, immigration due to pursuing higher education was not common and students tended to study in their home country. While one group argues that completing graduate studies abroad interrupted the balance in the educational system of countries and would not be beneficial for students, the other side believes that it is useful for both students and their countries. This essay will elaborate on this topic.


Continuation of study in foreign countries can have multiple benefits due to several reasons. The most noticeable one could be the range of choices that students have for selecting their major or supervisors. In other words, students can opt for the major or the supervisor that fits them the most in terms of academic interest or future occupation. For instance, students with a desire to research or work in the financial sectors in a country, that offers no finance degree in its universities, can migrate to study finance. Another reason is the opportunity for the development of the student's country. For example, students can utilize the skills that they have learned during their study, which were not available in their home country, to develop the infrastructure of their town.

Yet, studying abroad could have several issues. The first obvious challenge is the emotional feelings of the students themselves. To explain further, students- who have been studying at foreign universities- would miss their home and their families, and being away from a familiar environment could end in depression which can potentially affect their grades. Another disadvantage that immigration for higher study can have is related to the academic aspect of universities. To explain more, universities that have more international students will publish more papers and their ranking will increase over time while the universities located in hometowns of international students will be demoted from their current rank over time.


In conclusion, migrating to a second country to get a university degree has its own pros and cons. On the positive side, students can be more flexible in the selection of their desired major or professor. Moreover, they can take part in the development of their country by using the acquired skills. On the other hand, it can have several disadvantages. One common challenge is being homesick, which might affect their grades. Also, universities that the aforementioned students' came from would fall behind in producing and publishing papers compared to their peers.






In the past, when students did a university degree, they tended to study in their own country.

Nowadays, they have more opportunity to study abroad.

What are the advantages and disadvantages of this development.

You should use your own ideas, knowledge and experience and support your argument with examples and relevant evidence.
