Task 1:5(5.5-5.5-5-5)

The graph below gives information from a 2008 report about consumption of energy in the USA since 1980 with projections until 2030.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The given line chart illustrates what was the pattern of consuming various sources of energy in the USA from 1980 along with its projection until the year 2030 based on a 2008 report. Overall, Almost all of them experienced an increase in their consumption; oil and petrol have consistently being used more and that hydropower was the least popular one. Moreover, clean sources of energy were used less comapred to fossil ones.

Starting from fossil fules, namely, oil, coal and natural gas which were the top three favorite sources of energy, the trend in coal and gas was similar. Although coal started lower than gas at roughy 16 quadrillion units in 1980 and is expected to finish just above it at nearly 30 quadrillion units in 2030, they both were close to each other during this period and almostly had the same trend. Furthermore, Petrol and oil started from 35 and after a dip to almost 30 rose steadily; this trend is estimated to continue in the future.

Turning of the renewable energy, all of them started from less than 5 quadrillion units in 1980; however they did had the same pattern. Nuclear energy was the most popular one and it is forcasted to be the most popular option between clean energies at almost 7 quadrillion units. US citizens, however, did not embrace the use of hydropower and the usage of this energy seems to be stuck where it started. Solar/wind power, also, have been somewhere between nuclear the hydropower energy and is projected to be close to this situation by the year 2030.









Task 2:5.5(5.5-6-5.5-5)

Every year several languages die out. Some people think that this is not important because life will be easier if there are fewer languages in the world.

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this opinion?



Preserving endangered languages has garnered people's attention in recent years. Although some say it is important to save these languages, I believe keeping them alive is challenging and it does not worth doing.

In today's world, where we are bombarded with many information, it is pivotal to preserve what we use; this is also true for languages. The main purpose of languages is to communicate with each other and that having many languages has already made things complicated. If we had only one language, life would be much easier. For instance, we did not need to learn a second language for our higher education or website programers did not have to create different pages in various languages. All of these efforts are being done for the sake of communication. Life, therefore, is already challenging, note that we only consider top spoken languages not the less-known ones; saving those dying-out languages would worsen this situation. This is because we are putting effort into saving a thing that is not useful to the majority of us. Despite being unuseful to save, saving an endangered language could have potential benefits.

On the other hand, others argue that languages represent culture of their people and we should not let human culture to die. To illustrate, there exist many words in different languages which do not have an exact meaning in others; Iranian people express love in their own way or Japanese thanks and respect each other with their specific vocabulary. These words, which have evolved through the years, indicate the culture and that way of living of those people. Less-spoken languages also have this features and by letting them to extinct we are disregarding the life and history of a race. To some people, consequently, it is crucial to rescue it, no matter what the cost would be.

In conclusion, While some people support the idea of keeping a die-out language alive, I firmly believe that this measure is impractical since languages are created to send messages; therefore it is not wise to rescue a thing which is not used for its goal anymore.



















