Task 1:7

The charts below give information about USA marriage and divorce rates between 1970 and 2000, and the marital status of adult Americans in two of the years.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparison where relevant.



The first bar chart illustrates the number of recorded marriages and divorces in the USA between 1970 to 2000. The second chart demonstrates the marital status of the adult Americans in years 1970 and 2000 in percentages.

Overall, the number of marriages, though steadly declined, was always higher than divorces; however, the amount of divorces almost remained constant. Moreover, most of the adults in the USA were married while the rate of them declined. The rate of the divorced ones and never married ones also rose.

 
To begin with, in the year 1970, the recorded marriages were twice as much as the divorced couples at 2.5 millions, which was the highest in the data. This ratio, interestingly, gradually diminished. Furthermore, the lowest number of marriages belong to the year 2000 with 2 millions. The number of divorces, on the other hand, were almost around 1 million cases throughout the period except of the noticeable spike in the year 1980, which introduced a new record at almost 1.5 million cases.

Regarding the marital status chart, the status that was pronounced the most was married. while 70% of the Americans were married in 1970, this rate fell to almost 60% in 2000. The ratio of the never married folks rose from almost 12% in 1970 to 20% in 2000. The least amount of divorced people were in the year 1970 while this grew to roughly 10% in 2000. Last but not least, the widowed status did not alter much and remained close to 6% to 7% in those two years.




Task 2:6.5(6.5-6.5-6.5-6)


Some people prefer to spend their lives doing the same things and avoiding change. Others, however, think that is always a good think.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.



Opinions are divided as to doing new or repetitive things in our lives. Although some believe that people should seek new challenges, others agree with doing the same thing over and over. In this essay, I will elaborate on both of those views and explain why I think a change is a good thing.


Doing new activities in our lives is considered to be a healthy lifestyle and that this arguement is proven by researchers. Studies indicated that the connections between neurons in a brain will increase by learning new challenges. These new challenges could be a variety of things including but not limited to learning a new sport, playing new video games, or putting one in an uncomfortable and unfamiliar situation. By doing these tasks, new connections will be created, which is proven to be beneficial in preventing mental diseases. Thus, one opt to try new things for the sake of one's health.


On the other hand, others avoid changes. The main reason behind this behavior is the sense of uncomfortableness that they will have when they are doing a new task. As humans , it is in our nature that we tend to live an easy life. Although one might be aware of the benefits of experiencing new challenges, This tendency persuade us to not follow changes and stick to our safe zone. For instance, it is not pleasent for us to take a different road to work as it would requires cautious calculations. We thus, prefer to not actively engage in the aforementioned activity and listen to a relaxing song instead. Finally, while this fact is true, it is not a healthy habit to stick to it.

In conclusion, change is crucial if we desire a healthy and fullfiling life. Even though one might argue that one does not want to try new things because one likes to feel relaxed, one should agree to changes to decrease the chance of getting an alzhaimer in future years.


































