Task 1:6.5

The graph below shows the production levels of the main kinds of fuel in the UK between 1981 and 2000.

Summarize the formation by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.

The graph demonstrates various types of fuel which was produced from early 80s until the year 2000.

Overall,  while petroleum fluctuated throughout the period, changes in trend occured in coal and natural gas production after early 90s. Although, the former declined, the production of natural gas surged.


The trend in petroleum fluctated during the period, without any significant trend. After its first peak at 140 untis in around 1986, which started below the 100 units in early 80s, it dipped at almost 100 units before 1991. And, then it rose to its previous peak and achieved a new high before the year 2000 with more than 140 units.


The overal trend of coal production was almost negative. After the conspicuous dip to less than 40 units, which happened approximately around mid 80s, it rebounded to 60 units in 1986, and from there consistently declined onward, never reached its peak at 80 units in 1981 again.

Although the produciton of natural gas was stable, around 40 units, from the beginning to early 90s, situation altered and it drastically rose onward, reaching to its all-time-high, approximately at 100 units.









Task 2:6.5:XDDDD

In some countries university students live at home with their family while they study, whereas in other countries students attend university in another city.

Do you think the benefits of living away from home during university outweigh the disadvantages?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from own knowledge or experience.



Today, students are divided between a group who prefer to study in their hometown college and those who are inclined to attend universities in other cities. From my point of views, notwithstanding that study in a second city induces individuals to lose their old friends, being among the latter group equipped one with significant and practical skills in life, which are grown to be responsible and independent.

On the positive side, living alone, due to attending universities in another cities other than one's home, fosters responsibility and independence, which are key factors in adults lives. By living alone, not only do students learn how to tackle upcoming challenges by themselves, but also they are consciousely aware of their living situation, including managing finacnes, paying bills, etc, making them equipped with practical experiences that will be handy later on. For instance, should they learn by not checking their inventory of toilet papers, they will undergo numerous hardships, even for a night, they will learn they should be responsible. I firmly believe it is, therefore, more than to simply live alone, apart from their family; it is also a course of valuable lessons conducted by nature to nurish them.

On the negative side, being away from their hometown friends for four years or ending relationships with those of the city who they found during their education, could be devastating for students. In other words, students are devoting four years of their lives in a place they are not from, weakening their already-established relationship with their close friends. This distance is often irreversible, leaving no room to bound again. They also cannot establish a deep, intimate relationship with those in foreign city, since they will depart after graduation, sometimes will never see themselves again. Having said that, I hold the view that these downsides are not significant compared to the aforementioned potentials stated in the previous paragraph. Furthermore, there are always opportunities to make friends, no matter how old people are or where they live.


In conclusion, even though attending univesities in another city may undermine students' relationship with their friends, it teaches them how to live on their own, to be independent from their parents, and to be responsible with regard to their decisions. Hence, I think it is, in fact, beneficial for students to study apart from their home, and I recommend this.


























