Task 1:6(6-6.5-6-6)


The graph below shows the average monthly change in the prices of three metals during 2014.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The graph depicts how the price of three common metals, namely, Copper, Nickel, Zinc, altered, which is plotted on the average monthly chart presented in percentage changes only, in 2014.

Overall, although Nickel was more volatile compared to others, the price of copper seemed stable during the mentioned year. Moreover, appearantly, the pattern in Copper and Zinc seems to be have a nuance difference with a Nickel.

Changes in Copper and Zinc were similar to each other, though some minute differences could be seen. From January to June, although both were gradually decreasing, Zinc gained value up to 3% in the first two month. After that, changes in both were stable though Zinc lost its value and copper experienced growth. Finally, after October, even though the price of the Zinc rose significantly with +1% and +2% in November and December, respectively, Copper maintained its state.


The price of Nickel was more volatile comapred to Nickel and Zinc. In January, a 6%-rose happened in Nickel's price, which was unique during the entire 2014. As time passed, changes in its price decreased constantly: after +4% in Fabuary, and remaining at the +1% level for 3 months, it saw a -3% decline in June. Similar to the aforementioned metals, from July to September, changes were minimum, and after October, it rose from its monthly -2% to +1% in November and continued onward.









Task 2:6.5(7-6.5-6.5-6)

The most important aim of science should be to improve people's lives. 

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement? 


I agree with the statement that improving the standards of people's lives must be the primary goal of science. This is because taxpayer's money should be spent for them, and by helping people, they will become more confident in science, using its methodologies in their daily lives.

The primary reason why science must always address people's problems is because of the funding system in academia. In simpler terms, governments dedicate fund supporting science projects from public tax; therefore, it is people's money that scientists are spending. If researchers do not prioritize enhancing people's lives, citizens could protest to represent disapproval in tax allocation since many other areas in society can benefit from this tax. Consequently, it only makes sense that researchers solve citizens' challenges first. For instance, by researching how to optimize logistic systems, they can diminish the cost of transportation, which can lead to the lower price of goods.

Apart from the mentioned reason, another principal one could be the effect of science in people's daily lives. In other words, should individuals see and feel the impact of new technology, they will support science, and scientific methods in their lives. As a result of having more citizens with scientific attitudes, arguing in many issues could become less challenging, particularly those which require debate and discussion. Hence, people would avoid using fallacy, which is an unscientific approach. To illustrate, they would not tell "See who is saying this" if they ever heard a paradox in speaker's talk and his behavior because this is a common fallacy.

In conclusion, my firm belief is that science should solve people's problems for two reasons. First, it is because people are basically paying for their equipments and labs so it is logical to help them. Finally, by feeling that science actually work, people would use scientific methods in their lives, especially in their arguments.











