Task 1:
The charts below give information on the location and types of dance classes young people in a town in Australia are currently attending.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The charts illustrate the type and the location of different dance classes that young people are attending in Asutralia.

Overall, while ballet is more popular in those below eleven, relatively older children are showing interest in modern dance classes. The majority of children are attending to private or college-based studios.


At 58%, the majority of children are preferring studios: 48% of them are attending to private ones, whereas 10% of them are going to college-based ones. In comparison, a lower percentage of children is attending to school halls or community halls, with 24% and 18%, respectively.


Regarding the type of dance classes for those below 11, with 600 students, ballet is the most popular one. In the second and third places are tap (with almost 450 students) and modern (with 300 students) dance classes.

In contrast, ballot is the least popular dance class among those between 11 to 16, with only 300 attendences. Almost 500 students are preferring modern dance classes, making them the most popular ones for this age group.





Task 2:


In many countries nowadays, consumers can go to a supermarket and buy food produced all over the world.

Do you think this is a positive or negative development?

Today, mostly due to globalization, customers have access to various foreign-produced food. Although this might have a negative influence on the local economy, from my perspective, this is a positive development because of one important reason: having a healthier society.

On the one hand, a diverse range of food will be available for them. This is because some food only grows in a particular climate; take fruits such as benana, avocado, or coconut as examples. having this option, customers can purchase anything they want for cooking or eating, leading to a better and balanced diet. This is beneficial since different foods have various nutrients, and eating a variety of them helps develop a healthier immune system, making people more resistant to diseases, leading to a healtheir society.

On the other hand, by threatening the revenue of farmers and producers, this situation might impact the local economy. Materials shipped in bulk from oversea are relatively cheaper (due to a better cultivating condition there) compared to those produced in local market. When given an almost identical choice, consumers would buy the cheaper alternative. Due to this, there would be less demand for local farmers' products, putting financial pressures on them. However, this is not significant since the government can lessen the impact by supporting local producers. The government can subsidize their product, ensure demand by proving option contracts, or purchase their goods to export abroad.

In conclusion, this is a positive development, helping people to have a better and more diverse diet, strengthening their immune systems. Even though this circumstance can potentially lower the demand for locally produced products, with government support them, there should not be any problem.





















