writing task 1:

The chart below demonstrates main source of southland's export namely, international tourism, dairy and meat products in billion pounds in 2000, 2024 and the prediction of each export in 2025.

Overall, although dairy goods currently has the biggest share among others, this is predicted to be altered and International tourism is expected to take over it in 2025. Also, meat products, least popular export, have been depicting a gradual decline and it is expected to maintain this trend. 

To begin with, meat products are the least favorite good in export in all years. Meat exports is experiencing consistant steady decline where it reached nearly 5.5 billion pounds from its initial 6 billions pounds in year 2000 and it is projected to reach 5 billion pounds by the next year.

Furthermore, There has been a clear uptrend in both international tourism and dairy goods in southland's export. In the year 2000, tourism was the most valuable export by a 1 billion pounds margin and in the second position was dairy products by 7 billion pounds. An obvious increase in value have happened for both of them, although dairy one has been much more sharper, and dairy products has taken over in 2024. However, this trend is expected to change in the following year and the uptrend in dairy goods is predicted to be reveresed. 




writing task 2:


Nowadays, the rise in the amount of poor medical condition records of citizens due to the consumption of fastfood is a hot area of attention among people and officials. While some may agree that the government as a higher authority should impose taxes on these goods, I strongly believe that this is not the solution and by being agree to this statement we will erase the problem instead of proposing a solution. In this essay, I will elaborate why this is a bad idea and what approaches could be better alternatives. 


To begin with, the group of people that are agreed with imposing taxes, believe in the fact that we have to protect society from itself by imposing higher price tags for a harmful foods such as burgers. They believe that this is the most effective act against them. Even though it may not seem pleasent to them , it would definitly save them from various types of cancers and cardiovascular diseases. In addition, in their point of view, by making a junky food inaffordable, for example by making a hot dog much more expensive comapred to a healthy alternative, people would prefer a healthy option just for the sake of the money.


However, the truth that the previous group fail to see is that people have rights to decide for their lives. Also, Forcing them to not consume fastfood indirectly by charging them more would be a dictatorship act. They are adults and know what is best for them. Furthremore, it is not guarantied that pepole would stop consuming fastfoods if we imposed tax on them; it is just a theory. Moreover, some people do not eat such foods for the pleasure, as its name suggest, they eat them because they are easy to prepare and people don't have time to make foods for themselves. having said that, there are much more better alternatives to the aforementioned option. Firstly, the awareness of harms of these foods should be popularized within the society. Another possible solution is to encourage people to excersice regularly in order to prevent heart diseases.  

To conclude, even though some might think that it is best to pose taxes on fastfoods in order to prevent health issues in society, I believe this is not a democratic act and there are much more better alternatives such as improving awareness, encouragement of being more active, changing the culture of eating and so on to improve the overall health of the society.  




