Task 1:


The chart below shows the percentage of households in owned and rented accommodation in England and Wales between 1918 and 2011.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.
Write at least 150 words.



The chart illustrates what proportion of households rented or owned a place from 1918 to 2011. Overall, although the proportion of households in rented accommodation, which was more popular than ownership at first, generally decreased, the percentages of owned houses generally rose in the given period and overtook the rented houses in the end.

In 1918, more than 75% of households were in rented accommodation. However, this started to decline from that year and after equaling with ownership in the early 70s, reached a dip of almost 30%. Notably, this trend reveresed in 2011 and this figure witnessed an approximately 5% growth.

In contrast, only more than 20% of households owned a place in the beginning of the period. Nevertheless, this trend also changed, similiar to rented houses but reversely, and by the early 20s it had reached nearly 70%. Just like the renting accommodation, this pattern did not continue and declined by near 5%. It is worth to mention that for ownership, the amount of change corresponded to that of renting, but in the opposie side throughout the period. 



Task 2:



Some people believe that nowadays we have too many choices.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.
Write at least 250 words.





It is argued that today people have numerous alternatives to choose from. Yet, I disagree with this due to marketing manipulations and geographical reasons.

The first reason for my disagreement is the companies' manipulation. Adverts and commercials, such as those in newspapers or on TV, trick people into thinking that they are given many choices to sell their goods. For example, today, many phones are alike with extremely minute differences, such as camera design or an applicaiton. In addition, some choices, such as the color of a charger, do not even belong to the main part of a product. Hence, to me, only those options are real that make a difference is the performance of a product; for instance, the amount of RAM determines how smooth a user can play a game. Other choices that cannot be classified into the aforementioned category, to my mind, is of no real value and is a marketing trick.
 
Additionally, many people have no or limited control over their lives or career. To illustrate, people are incapable of choosing their sex, family, or their relatives, which defines who they are. Furthermore, in terms of occupation, many children from developing countries cannot select their desired jobs. For example, it is unbelievably difficult, if not impossible, for a farmer's son to become an F1 racer. This is because not only does he have several duties that are needed to be fulfilled, such as taking care of farm, or his parents, but he also cannot afford having such a car to practice with. Thus, many people have limited choices, particularly over their prospective jobs or their lives.

In conclusion, Even though it is believed that people today have numerous options to choose from, I cannot help but to reject this view because of two reasons: first, this delusion of the availability of choices is created by companies to sell more. Moreover, some people from poorer background cannot even make the simplest decisions that shape their lives.
























