Task 1:

The diagram below shows the manufactuting process for making sugar from sugar cane.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, make compaison where relevant.

The given diagram illustrates the procedure of sugar production from sugar cane to its final known form, sugar crystals. Overall, it is a 7-step process in which canes are transformed to different shapes by various machinery works. The processes including harvesting, crushing, purifying, heating which should be performed sequentially.

At the first step, sugar canes, which grew at least 12 and at most 18 months, are harvested. Harvesting can be done either manually by men or by agricultural machines. Harvested canes are transferred to factory and after that a series of processes begin which mostly are done with machines. Next, the juice that is produced from crushing sugar cranes by a special machine goes through the limestone filter, which looks like a cone, for purification. In the next step, The purified output should be transformed into syrups, and this goal is achieved by heating an evaporator. When the juice turns into syrup, a centrifuge separates sugar crystals from syrup. Finally, sugar crystals are dried and cooled in a container.




Task 2:

In their advertising, businesses nowadays usually emphasizes that their products are new in some way.
Why is this? Do you think it is a positive or negative development?


Advertising goods is a hot topic, and many companies pay tremendous attention to it. Today, many businesses are trying to convey the fact that their products are new and different from their peers in their advertising. In this essay, I will elaborate on one possible reason behind this behavior, and explain why this could be a negative development.

Advertising is an important duty of the sales department, which is responsible for generating positive cash flow to the company. To achieve this goal, they have to convince potential customers to buy their products. People, however, only buy things that they need and definitely don't pay attention to similar products or products with the same functionality that they have. Being aware of this situation, companies emphasize that their goods are new and differ with other brands in the market, which people might have, to trick their audiences to buy their product. For instance, newer phones these days do not differ from their previous ones. Although they all have the same functionality, companies trick their customers by few small changes such as reorganizing their cameras or incorporating a new software feature to them. 
  
This is not a positive development, and companies are being dishonest with people. Even though their products are not exactly the same as the ones that have been in the market for a while, they are not as new as they claim and their actions are similar to fraud. Furthermore, some customers might not be aware of the features that they are presenting and may buy their product with a hope of having a new gadget while in reality, this is not the case. For example, a company may use a technical term in their ad about the cameras of their phone. Customers could think of this term as a powerful camera that can zoom to a long distance while this term is only means to have 3 small cameras instead of 2. This is a negative development which is in favor of companies and harms people.

In conclusion, by affiliating new feature with their product, companies try to convince people that they do not have it and trick them to but it, and I believe this strategy stems from the fact that people do not buy things that they already have. Moreover, I firmly think that this is a negative development in marketing. While these behaviors are in favor of sales departments and will bring more money to the company, this money is not clean and is earned in a dishonest way.
 























