writing 1:

The graph below illustrates how many tourists visited the same Caribbean island between 2010 and 2017 in millions categorised into two groups, passing on the cruise ship and staying on the island. The total number of visitors is also given during this period.

Overall, The total trend of visitors is positive where is started from 1 million visitors and reached its all time high at 3.5 millions in 2017. Furthermore, visiting island while staying on the cruise ships seem to have a more stable trend while ups and down for staying on the islands is more prominant. Also, although large portion of visitors prefered to stay on island in early years, after 2015 this has changed and less amount of tourist stayed on the island compared to passing by it.


Regarding to the staying on the ships, in 2010, numbers indicate an early peak in 2011 where it reached its first high at half of millions just before a decline in 2012. After that the trend was consistantly positive and it experienced a steady increase since 2017.

However, the pattern in staying on island were more noisy and unclear where in most of the years numbers didn't change. It stayed at roughly 0.7 in 2010 and 2011 before a rising period starting from 2011 till 2013 where its value reached to its peak at 1.5 millions. This numbers remaind same until the year 2015. after aforementioned year, staying fell to almost 1.25 millions and then bounced back to its highest value. 



writing 2:


In the future, nobody will buy printer newspaper because they will be able to read everthing they want online without paying.
To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?

Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.



The rivaly between physical version of newspapers and accessing news online in the future or even in the modern days has come under debate in recent years. Some might believe, printed newspapers will become extinct in the future due to free access to news. But to what extent this statement is true? This essay, will elaborate on why catching up with the news will be more popular option in the future.



To begin with, it is important to note that to predict the future, we have to analyze the trend today compared to previous years .One or maybe the most prodominant reason that people prefer online access to news instead of the traditinal way, which is buying newspapers, is the dawn of smartphones. Nowadays, every individual, regardless of the age, have his own phone. Consequently, people are spending more time online building a stronger network that can yield to a more efficient system for spreading news. With rise of the social media, a father will find out what has happend last night from the moment he opens his eyes which it wasn't possible 50 years ago. This is a positive trend and it is unlikely to change in the future. Moreover, traditional method consist of delays, meaning that news about a certain event that just happened in the morning will not be available until tomorrow (if tomorrow was not an off-day). Where by following news online, you can almost instantly figure out about the event; even in some cases it can be covered live. Nevertheless, some might argue that although the trend of using online newspapers is positive, it is hard to believe that physical newspapers will be totally disappeared from the market.



Opposing group believe in the fact that reading news online has several disadvantages and preferences of some proportion of people would always be paper-based newspapers. Firstly, it is much more convenient to read on paper rather than  physical devices. With smaller screens, it is challenging, or maybe tedious to follow through a long or average length articles. Simillarly, the majority of people prefer to read on paper since it can be tracked easily, it can be marked where it has lefted, it can be highlighted with no challenge where in digital version the platform should propose that feature to be able to highlight the text and etc. Secondly, reading on newspaper can be a hobby. Some people actually enjoy reading newspaper in a coffee shop or under the sunlight in a sunny day. The sense of going through pages convey the sense of relaxation especially for older generation. Therefore, there exist a proportion of the population that will always prefer physical version even in the future. Lastly, some people buy newspapers with intention of using its paper after catching up with what is going on in the world. A painter can use its paper to cover and protect an area from spilling paints. Because of that, he will preserve the newspaper after reading the material inside it.


To conclude, Although I agree with that fact that a large portion of the people in the future will access the new online due to its advantages such as being free of charge, in my opinion, it is hard to believe that printed newspapers will be removed from the market since for some individuals, reading newspaper is just more than accessing news and it is more like a hobby. 










