Task 1:5.5


The graph and table below give information about water use worldwide and water consumption in two different countries.
Summerise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.



The given line chart demonstrates the global water consumption in each sector from 1900 to 2000. Moreover, the table compares water usage between Brazil and the democratic republic of Congo in the year 2000.

Overall, agriculture was the sector that we used water in it the most. Furthermore, Brazilians, which had a larger irrigated land, consumed more water compared to Congo.

Regarding the global water use, although the water that was used for domestic and industrial purposes was roughly equal, industrial was a bit higher, in the begining of the period, most of our water consumption was dedicated to the agriculture sector, with 500 Kilometers cubed. Noticeably, as time passed this fact did not change. The rate in which water usage increased was approximately the same for all sectors through the entire period. At the year 2000, Agriculture with 3,000 Kilometers cubed, industrial use with 1,000 Kilometers cubed, and domestic use with less than 300 Kilometers cubed were the most sectors that water was used in them.

Turning to the table, it shows population, land which is presumably used for farming and water consumption per person in each country. Brazil, with a population of 176 million people, with 26,500 kilometers squared consumed a huge amount of water compared to Congo. Water usage in Brazil was 359 meters cubed per person while this is 8 meters cubed for Congo, which have a population of 5.2 people with only 100 kilometers squared irrigated land.



Task 2:6


Today, the high sales of popular consumer goods reflect the power of advertising and not the real needs of the society in which they are sold.
To what extent do you agree or disagree?

Studying growth in purchasing products has been a hot topic to debate in recent years. Although many people argue that increases in demands and improvements in households' salaries are the main factors why we are observing rise in popular goods, I think this is the one and the only reason. In this essay, I will elaborate why and how advertising caused rise in the sales of the companies' popular goods.

Today, advertisements are really advanced. Many specialists and scientists, who understand human psycology, are in charge of creating suitable ads for a certain product. Consequently, ads, nowadays, which are extremely persuasive and intriguing, are designed and customized for each consumer good. The more popular a product is, the more sophisticated tricks are used in it to convince people into buying it by creating a false sense of need. For instance, it is common to see that many phones do not differ much with others. Despite that, people buy them because the phone is used by famous figures in commercial breaks.


Having said that, we cannot disregard other factors such as real growth in demand that is potentially caused by improvement in people's standards of living. Because households today are more richer than citizens in 50 years ago, and since they have a tendency to spend their money, newer needs will be created, especially for the most wanted goods. Even though it is challenging to say that these needs are really necessary or not, they are willing to spend money, and companies will not miss this opportunity. Therefore, advertising is indeed effective, but all by itself cannot increase sales.


In conclusion, while many people believe that commercials are the main reason why consumers crave to purchase more popular goods, which I agree with it, we simply cannot neglect the increase in overall income of citizens. To simply put, ads are doing a good job; however, they would not be successful if people did not have a good financial state.

















