Task 1:6.5(6.5-6.5-6-6)

The table below gives information on consumer spending on different items in five different countries in 2002.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features and make comparisons where relevant.


The given table demonstrates how much consumers from five various countries spend their money on different categories in 2002. Overall, the highest spending is related to food and drinks while the lowest is affliated with leisure and education in all of them. Moreover, Turkey spent more on food and leisure compared to others and Italians bought more clothing relative to others. 



Starting from the expenditures on leisure and education, Turkey had the first position at 4.35% followed by Sweden and Italy at 3.22% and 3.20%, respectively. It is also interesting to see how numbers in those two countries were so close. Spanish people also spent the lowest in this category compared to others.

Moving to clothing and footwears, Italians dominated all of them by dedicating 9% of their spending on this category. Other countries had similar and close records and most of them spent around 6% of their expenditures on these stuffs. 

Finally, shifting focus to Food, drinks, and tabaccos, 32.14% of incomes in Turkey are dedicated to buy these goods. In the second position, Ireland can be seen by 28.91% followed by Spain at 18.80%. The rest of them did not differ much and almost 16% of their spending is related to this category.


Task 2:6.5(7-7-7-6)


It is generally believed that some people are born with certain talents for instance for sport or music, and others are not. However, it is sometimes claimed that any child can be taught to become a good sports person or musician

Discuss both views and give your own opinion.


The comparison between the talented and regular athletics or musicians has been subjected to a significant debate. Although some believe that children can thrive in any area if they are taught to, in my opinion, to be successful in most activities you have to be talented. 

Talent is a pivotal factor when it comes to being good in an activity. The gifted children can achieve more with less education in shorter time and this will help them to surpass their peers. By being ahead of others, they can dedicate their time to develop the advanced skills, which will show the differences between them and the regular ones. To illustrate, theory or certain tactics are being taught to every child in football schools in Europe, but some players like Messi has developed his signiture body feint, which helps him to dribble easily. These skills cannot be taught to pupils and they have to develop them on their own.

On the other hand, others suggest that children can indeed become a good sport person or musician if they learn necessary things. This is because humans, unlike animals, do not rely on their instincts, and we learn the skills that is required for us. For instance, students will understand which notes are important when certain instruments are going to be involved in a live play. Having said that, even though teaching children to prepare them for a live performance can be somehow effective, it will not be enough. To be able to consider a pupil a good decomposer, he has to have the ability to generate notes, something that only the talented students can do skillfully.


In conclusion, although it is common to hear that children will be decent in any area if we educate them, I firmly think that simply teaching them is not enough and those will be good in sports and music that are gifted.
























