Task 1: 6.5
The first chart below shows the results of a survey which sampled a cross-section of 100,000 people asking if they traveled abroad and why they traveled for the period 1994-98. The second chart shows their destinations over the same period.

Write a report for a university lecturer describing the information shown below.



The table depicts the various reasons why people traveled abroad from 1994 to 1998 according to a sampled cross-section survey of 100000 people. Furthermore, the corresponding bar graph illustrates the location to which those people traveled in the aforementioned period.

Overall, although a relatively similar number of UK residents left the country for business and paying visits to their friends and relatives, the majority of them traveled abroad to spend holidays; the overall number of visits increased at the end of the period. Moreover, western Europe had been a famous destination for them compared to other places.


The total number of visits consistently rose from 22,072 in 1994 to 28,828 in 1998, except for the mid ninethies, where a sudden deline occured, a decrease to a 21,610 cases. Traveling abroad for holidays had been the famous purpose for British people; this starts from 15,246 in 1994 and steadily rose to 20,700 in late ninethies. Similar pattern also happened for business trips, rising from 3,155 to 3,957 without any decrease, and visits to friends and relatives, except for a decline in 1995 where it fell to 2,628 from 2,689 and then continued onward. Finally, figures for other reasons fluctuated around 1,000 and did not have any clear trend.

Western countries were the most popular destination for people in the UK. The number of people selecting those areas steadily rose from almost 18,000 at the begining of the period and reached nearly 24,000 in 1998, except for a dip in 1995. Although there is a subtle growth in North America, the number of visits to other areas almost did not change.














Task 2:

Solar energy is becoming popular in many countries of the world because of its availability without any limit. 

Do the advantages of solar energy outweigh its disadvantages?

It is suggested that utilizing solar energy is becoming widespread throughout the world because of its merits, chief among which is its availability with no limitation. I strongly agree with this statement since even though I am aware that setting up the requirements for them can be unaffordable, their positive impact on environment and cheaper bills with less reliance on power outages can cover those downsides.

On the positive side, being a type of renewable energy is the primary advantage of solar energy. Such a energy can benefit both the environment and users. The fact that it does not pollute our sky similar to what burning fossil feuls to meet the demand for energy are doing to our breathable air, the problem that larger cities are grappling with, accentuates brighter days for future generation. Moreover, it can also be beneficial for users, particulary with their finance. Due to the recent surge in the prices of fossil feuls, today, the price of electricity is absurdly high; hence, it is cheaper to rely on solar panels. Users will spend less each month, comapred to those who consume electricity from local grid networks, offered by the governement from burning coals to power their generators. What is more, they are not affected by high price in heavy workload hours since they are independant from the electricity grid.

On the other hand, the prominent disadvantage of solar energy is the insufficient development of solar panels, which makes it less welcomed by the the public. In other words, the price of installing such systems for a house is unaffordable for many households. This is due to the fact that utilizing solar energy in our favor is still an active field of research; therefore, it is not fully commercialized. Nevertheless, from my point of view, Although, installing those medium are expensive, with the government subsidizing it, or facilitating the loan process for purchasing such technology, people can buy them more conveniently. Moreover, using solar energy eliminates bothersome experiences that may arise by unexpected power shortage, due to their saving capabilities.

In conclusion, despite the fact that installing the technology requierd for solar energy is expensive, the numerous benefits involved in using them are more significant. Not only is it an environmentally-friendly energy, helps our children to have a clean air in the future, but it is also offer cheaper bills each months compared to traditional that of electricity. 


























