Task 1:

The chart below shows what Anthropology graduates from one university did after finishing their undergraduate degree course. The table shows the salaries of the anthropologists in work after five years.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The chart illustrates what graduated students, from one university, in Anthropology did after completing their undergraduate courses. The table also gives information about the income of Anthropology graduates after five years of experience at work.

Overall, the majority of them have a full-time job, while only few of them opt to continue their studies along while having a part-time work. After five years of working, those who work in government sector have the highest salary, while private companies tend to compensate them less. 

The majority of them have a full-time work (52%). Notably there is large gap between the first and second standing. In the second position is those who have a part-time job, with only 15%, closely followed by unmployed ones with 12%. 8% of them decided to pursue their education. Similarly, 5% of graduates are continuing their studies while working.

In terms of salaries, government sector employees have a higher income, with half of them receiving more than $100,000.  In contrast, 40% of freelance consultants and only 30% of private companies employees are making this much after 5 years.






Task 2:

In some cultures, children are often told that they can achieve anything if they try hard enough.
What are the advantages and disadvantages of giving children this message?
Give reasons for your answer and include any relevant examples from your own knowledge or experience.





In many cultures, children are told that they could attain what they wish if they work hard for it. Although, this will help them to develop postive thinking and putting more effort in what they do, misunderstanding it can affect them adversely.

There are numerous advantages in giving them this message. The primary one, argueably, is the power of thinking positively. Aknowledging that they could attain what they want, they will think big. For instance, instead of being content to a 9-to-5 job, they will foster and nurse ambitiuos goals, which are crucial aspect for success and prosperity. In addition, they will do their best. By believing in this message, they cannot see any reason to fail. This is because they realize their success is tied up to their effort, and that they will not focus on distractions. For example, should they know by studying hard they can pass their tests, they will not procrastinate and will not make excuses.

Nevertheless, despite these benefits, there are possible drawbacks. Undeniably, the most significant one is giving them false hope. In other words, we have limited free will and we cannot achieve whatever we want. For instance, it is tremendously challenging, if not impossible, for a disabled child to compete with normal children. Not accepting the truth may hurt the child mentally. Furthermore, this message could have alternative effect on them due to finite amount of time they have. If children think they can achieve whatever they wish, they will probably try everything. Trying to do everything, they cannot master any of them. To illustrate, there are numerous programming languages, each of which has a different purpose and syntax. By following this message, they want to master all of them; however, it is unlikely that they will learn any of them properly to help with their careers.

In conclusion, while giving children this message can help them to dream big and nurish a positive mindset, because of neglecting reality and an urge to try everything, they might face problems in their lives.





















