Task 1:6(6-6-6-5)


The given pie charts illustrate for what purposes water is consumed in six various continent. Overall, in most areas in the world, agriculture uses higher portion of water except for Europe and North America. Moreover, South America has the highest consumption percentages in demostic cases while central Asia and Europe obtain the first position for agricultural and industrial uses.


Starting from countries with the largest portion of domestic uses, South America, Europe, and North America utilize 19%, 15%, and 13% of water for domestic purposes, respectively. While only 32% of water in Europe is used for agricutre, which is the lowest among others, 53% of its water dedicated for industrial aims, which is the highest between other continents. North American people also divide rest of their water for agriculture and industrial uses with 39% and 48%, respectively.

Turning to countries with the highest rate of water use in agriculture, 84%, 88%, and 81% of water in Africa, central Asia, and south east Asia is consumed for this goal. The lowest water consumption in domestic sector is associated with central and south east Asia with 7% each while the lowest in industrial use is regarded to central one with 5%.



Task 2:

Governments shuld spend money on rainlways rather roads.

To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement.

It has always been a debate of in which mode of transportation should the government spend money on. While some might say railways are suitable alternatives, I think spending people's tax to improve road infrastructures are more beneficial to them.

Since a larger portion of people use roads for transportation, it is reasonable to dedicate more fund improving or preserving them. All roads have a certain age, and after years, cracks will be emerged on them which makes the experience of driving unpleasant. However, railways are often built more solid with longer life cycles and less need for maintenance. Therefore, once they are built, they can operate on an ideal condition for a long period of time without depending on financial resources for retaining its initial condition. Moreover, a higher proportion of vehicles on roads is for personal uses where railways are heavily utilized for companies' transportation purposes which mostly benefit those organizations. Because governments gather money from people, they have to prioritize them and spend in favor of roads first.


On the other hand, one might say the government must spend money on railways. This is because it can make long-distance transportation cheaper. Tripping for a family with their car would be ridiculously expensive because of current fuel prices while trains, which operate on cheap diesel fuel, cost less. Although this is true, as it is mentioned, it is not because of railways. Furthermore, another argument in favor of spending money on railways is that lower transportation expenses in goods can lower their price. This can happen if new railways shorten the path between the two destinations. However, construction of such roads, if they are not existed already, will not be cheap since they usually have to dig through mountains. Thus, using trucks might be a better alternative compared to spending money on creating new railways.

In conclusion, even though one may argue that it is wiser to dedicate people's tax to constructing railways because of benefits such as affordable trips and cheaper products, since less people use this mode of transportation and they usually do not require maintenance, my position is to spend money on roads.
















