Task 1:6.5-7



The graph below shows the proportion of the population aged 65 and over between 1940 and 2040 in three different countries.
Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The given line chart demonstrates the portion of elderly population, more specifically those who aged 65 or more, in three various nations from 1940 until today as well as its projection until the year 2040.

overall, although Japan's graph was downward until some point, the trend in all of them are upward and the proportion of old people are increasing in general. Moreover, the USA has the biggest portion of aged people in beginning of the period, and Japan is expected to surpass all other countries.

Starting from the year 1940, only 5% of Japan's population was older than 65. This number was 7% and 9% for Sweden and the US, respectively. Even though the population of elderly increased in The US and Sweden until 1980, this number fell and almost halved in Japan. From then, records started to decline in the USA until the year 2020 while in Sweden it rose to 20% and in Japan it illustrated a gradual growth from 2.5% to almost 8%.

Turning to the future predictions, while the proportion of all countries are expected to increase, the rate of rising is different. The projection in Japan shows a super-sharp rise where it is estimated to be almost tripled and reach 27%. Moreover, the rate of increase in the USA and Sweden are roughly the same. Aged people are expected to consist almost 25% of Sweden and 23% of the USA.




Task 2:6-6.5

Universities should accept equal numbers of male and female students in every subject.
To what extent do you agree or disagree?




The process of accepting students in each major in universities is an interesting topic to discuss. While some people agree that the number of man and woman should be equal in each subject, I personally think this is the wrong approach and the process of acceptance should be merit-based rather than gender-based. In this essay, I will examine both views along with the elaboration on why this should be the case.


Students should be able to compete fairly with their peers in the admission process. Although most universities do not care about the population of gender in accepting students for the presented subjects each year, some of them do consider this factor. This consideration will make the admission unfair and difficult for other students and cause inequality in the selection process. In reality, the number of male and female students, who are good in a specific subject, are not equal. For instance, boys are better in mechanical engineering while girls have higher expertise in majors that requires creativity. If a university forces gender equality in each subject, unworthy female students will get into the mechanical engineering(ME) while the rest of the male students that submitted applications for ME should pick another subject that they are not good at such as industrial design.


On the other hand, some people support the fact that the population of males and females should be balanced in each subject. They believe it is more natural to have the same amount of men and women in each major, just like our society. Moreover, they think if subjects were unbalanced, the minority gender will feel uncomfortable in classes which will lead to inefficiency in learning. Although their first point is somehow relevant and it feels good to be in such classes, from my point of view, this is not necessary since there is no solid reason to make our classes like society; we are in the university to study not to live. Furthermore, their second claim is no good either. Even though it is more difficult for the minority gender to spend years in such classes with the majority one, as told, the drawbacks of balancing classes are more severe than its advantages.


In conclusion, some people believe that the same number of men and women should be allowed to study in every majors because it is more convenient and natural to study in these classes. Nevertheless, although their points are not totally irrelevant, in my opinion, accepting students should be based on their merit, and universities should not consider the population of the accepted students to agree with the admission of the rest of them.






