Task 1:6(6-6-6-6)



The maps below shows an industrial area in the town of Noviton, and planned future development of the site.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.




The map depicts how a section of the Norbiton, an industrial destrict of it, looks like at the moment along with the future plans for its development.

Overall, along with the construciton of new roads, new facilities such as a school, a medical center, shops, and a playground are going to be included in that area of the city in the future. Moreover, it seems like all factories are planned to be removed from this town.


Several new facilities will be added. just on the first exit on the left side from the road that leaves the town, a medical center and shops will be built around the main square. On the east side of the square there will be a new playground as well as new housing. Also, at the end of that road, the one on the right of the biggest square, a new school is going to be erected. Furthermore, factories on the north and west sides will give their place to new roads and housing. Additionally, a new road is promised to be constructed at the north side of that area which give access to people to travel across the river. Last but not least, the farmland at the north side will shrink in size since new housing will be there.












Task 2:6.5(7-7-6.5-6)

It is important for people to take risks, both in their personal lives and their professional lives. 

Do you think the advantages of taking risks outweigh the disadvantages?



Opinions are divided as to people taking risks in various aspects of their lives. While some people believe it is necessary not to make risky decisions because of the higher odds of failure as well as experiencing potential future emabressments, I disagree with this since taking risks can offer a higher chance of bigger rewards and can lead to more pleasant outcomes.

The first and foremost reason for taking risks is its higher potential rewards. Simply put, it is impossible to achieve exceptional achievements without taking risks. This is, also, evidant in every aspects of our lives. Moreover, making risky decisions can end in more delightful outcomes. For instance, asking a gorgeous girl out could be risky for a teenager since if she did not like him, it could get embarressing for him. However, he will get a big reward if she says yes; they could even start a family together. Consequently, beautiful things can happen to him which would have not been possible if he had not taken the risk.

Nonetheless, taking risks will not be followed by favorable outcomes all the time. In simpler terms, the chance of failure increases as we tolerate more risk in our personal and professional lives. To illustrate, although opening up a business has many benefits such as a higher salary and less working hours, by a simple change in demands the entreprenuer can go out of business, the exact same thing that happened to many business owners during the pandamic. Furthermore, the aforementioned embarrassment which can be caused by a rejection, in our personal lives, can have severe and negative psychological effects on many individuals. Having said that, in my view, such things are in the nature of taking risks and we have to embrace them. The positive side of making risky decisions is far more compensating to exempt its negativity.

In conclusion, while some people advise against taking risky actions because of the higher possibility of failure and negative mental effects, I reject this belief since when it comes to taking risks we have to see the half full of the glass. Although there are some downsides, the odds of having higher and more pleasant rewards along with the creation of delightful memories from succeeding should convince us all to take risk in our personal and professional lives. 





























