Task 1:6-6.5(6.5-6.5-6-6)

The charts below show the average percentages in typical meals of three types of nutrients, all of which may be unhealthy if eaten too much.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The pie charts demonstrate how much of various nutrients, particularly sodium, saturated fat, and added sugar which high consumption of them will be harmful, are in a typical meal of Americans in average.

Overall, while US citizens tend to consume high added sugar in their snacks, their unhealthiest meal is dinner which contains the highest amount of saturated fat and sodium. Moreover, breakfast is the healthiest food because of the balance in all nutrients.

Breakfast and lunch are among the relatively healthier meals that Americans eat. On average, 15% of the aforementioned nutrients are accounted for breakfast, which indicates a balance in those ingredients. Although lunch is not as healthy as breakfast, it is still a healthy meal compared to dinner and snacks. While on average 29% and 26% of their lunch is consists of sodium and saturated fat, respectively, only 19% of added sugar can be found in it.

Nevertheless, dinner and snacks are the least healthy type of meal that US people consume. A typical dinner of an American consists of 43% sodium, 37% saturated fat, and 23% added sugar on average. Furthermore, for snacks, even though the percentages in sodium and saturated fat are normal and similar to healthy meals, 42% of such meals are accounted for added sugar, which is concerning.








Task 2:6(6-6.5-6.5-6)

Some people believe that it is best to accept a bad situation, such as an unsatisfactory job or shortage of money. Others argue that it is better to try and improve such situations.
Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.


Even though some people argue that it is important to accept some unpleasant reality as it is undoable, I believe one should always puts effort to improve undesirable situations since most of these circumstances can be handled with will and hard work.

Being in a bad situation does not necessarily mean that people belong in it forever. As articulated by Sarter, a well-known modern French philosopher, being responsible for their actions, humans can change any circumstances if they work hard enough. In other words, we get to decide what situation we be living in. Take an unsatisfactory profession as an example; most people do not attempt to change it because they think they cannot. However, it is the very harmful attitude that hinders their way to find a prosperous job for themselves. In simpler terms, if they tried, they would find a better occupation.

Despite this positive mindset, other people argue that as some unpleasant circumstances cannot be changed, it is best to just accept them. Simply put, even believing in radical will cannot alter some situations. This is because it is not logically possible to do so. For instance, having born in north Korea from a poor background, it is impossible for a juvenile to pay for his tuition in Harward university. This is as a result of the strict policy of the country in preventing their citizen to contact with the world and travel abroad. This situation cannot be changed, no matter how hard a child put effort into it. Therefore it is best to accept it.

In conclusion, although alterations in some rare and unlikeable circumstances is almost impossible, in my opinion, it is pivotal to try and improve them. This is because of my belief in people's will in decision-making; by trying hard enough people can make changes. Furthermore, unalterable situations, which need acceptance, are rare, and does not make any sense to accept such simple problems namely, shortage of money or a poor job.












