Task 1:5.5-6

The diagrams below show the life cycle of the silkworm and the stages in the production of silk cloth.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The first diagram demonstrates the transformation stages that eggs of a moth will have to pass to become an adult moth. The next diagram illustrates the production of silk cloth.

Overall, it only takes less than two months for an egg to become a moth. This lifecycle is a 4-stage process, which mostly is spent on consuming leaves. Moreover, producing silk cloth is a relatively simple procedure including but not limited to boiling and unwinding of a cacoon.

To begin with, a moth will lay eggs. 10 days later, those eggs will transform into larvae which consume mulberry leaves as their main source of food. After eating those leaves for 4 to 6 weeks, they are ready for the next stage which is wrapping up themselves with silk threads. After 3 to 8 days later cocoons will form that are used by humans for producing silk cloth. Finally, if human do not intervined, cocoons, after 16 days, will become moths.


Regarding the silk cloth production, it seems that some of the cocoons are selected and some of them are left to lay eggs in the future. After the selection process, the selected ones are boiled in hot water. After boiling, their materials are tangled, and unwinding process is needed, which will lead to 300 to 900 meters threads. In the last step, the twisted and weaved threads are used to create dye.






Task 2:6

Some people believe that visitors to other countries should follow local customs and behaviour. Others disagree and think that the host country should welcome cultural differences.
Discuss both these views and give your own opinions.


Behavior of the tourists in the host country has been an area of significant debate. Although one argues that visitors should wear local suits and act similar to citizens there, others refuse that statement. From my point of view, visited countries should respect the outfits and behavior of their guests.


To begin with, there are many reasons including but not limited to landmarks, monuments, historic buildings that garner visitors to a country. Most of them, therefore, are not even interested in customs, culture, and behavior of the destination country. For instance, many people visit Egypt to observe pyramid and not to copy Egyptian habits while they are staying there. Moreover, respecting guest's outfits and their culture is the definition of democracy and mutual respect, which are crucial in today's world. This will show visitors that they are safe and consequently, this representation of hospitality will help to bring more tourists to the host country in the future.



Even though respecting the guests' customs will bring more visitors who are willing to spend money, one suggests that not all behaviors or customs should be tolerated. This is because some clothing or certain actions might be considered offensive in the host culture. For instance, wearing short jeans are not embraced by the Iranian people or spitting might be offensive in European countries while it is perfectly normal in many other nations. These things therefore could start heated arguments that can lead to a fight. However, while all of these are true, the chance of tourists doing such things is small. In addition, not following the dress codes or the culture of the host country in many cases could not be harmful to either local people or visitors.


In conclusion, although one agrees that tourists should dress or act similar to the people in the host country, in my opinion, accepting their cultures or their customs are significantly important. Respecting them will show our hospitality and convince them to visit our country again.

















