Task 1:7(7-7-7-7)

The charts below show the proportions of British students at one university in England who were able to speak other languages in addition to English, in 2000 and 2010.

Summarise the informaiton by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.



The pie charts demonstrate what portion of UK students at the same university managed to speak foreign languages other than English in England in 2000 and 2010.

Overall, it seems that Spanish was the most popular second language among UK students, and the number of those who could not speak any other languages diminished considerably. 

Starting from French, German, and Spanish, most student spoke either of these in 2000 and 2010. While the population of those who speak French decreased from 15% in 2000 to 10% in 2010, this percentage remained constant for German. Moreover, the percentage in Spanish, which was the most popular language to speak, further rose from 30% in 2000 to 35% in 2010.

Turning to other categories, the portion of those who could speak another language rather than the aforementioned ones increased from 15% to 20%. Moreover, this percentage in those who could not speak any other languages than English halved from 20% in 2000 to 10% in 2010.







Task 2:6.5(7-7-6-6)

Some people claim that not enough of the waste from homes is recycled. They say that the only way to increase recycling is for governements to make it a legal requirment.

To what extent do you think laws are needed to make people recycle more of their waste?


Recycling has been a pivotal environmental issue in recent decade. While some say the government should enforce new legal requirements to ensure recycling, I firmly believe enactment of such laws would not be feasible and alternative measures such as encouragements should be taken.

Firstly, it is the lack of measurment that makes laws difficult to implement in this case. Owing to the fact that the logic of laws is to prevent people from doing something and punish those who did, there should be a measuring system for recycling homes' waste. Analyzing households' wastes, nonetheless, is not simply feasible. In other words, operators in trucks, who are responsible for collecting garbage, cannot open up each bag to find out what is inside them. This would be costly, inefficient, and time consuming.

Furthermore, incentive measures will be much more effective and cheaper. Do not see any sensible benefits for themselves, most people do not recycle their wastes. Because of this, the govenment should encourage them to descriminating what they do not need. For instance, to encourage housholds to put their plastic bottles in a separate bag, the authorities could make a deal with a company to gift one cola for free in exchange of six of those bottles. This deal will be extremely inexpensive compared to the previous mentioned policy.

In conclusion, even though some say the officials must take legal actions to increase recycling in houses, I believe enforcing laws in such context would be difficult if not impossible. Furthermore, I think incentivizing individuals to recycle is a better approach.  


















