Task 1:6.5(6.5-6-6.5-6)

The bar chart below shows the top ten countries for the production and consumption of electricity in 2014.

Summarise the information by selecting and reporting the main features, and make comparisons where relevant.


The chart demonstrates how countries produced and consumed electricity in 2014. Top ten countries in this regard are shown and the chart is sorted descendingly.

Overall, China was the top producer as well as consumer of electricity while Korea had the last position in this chart. It is worth to mention that the gap between China and the US was outstandingly greater than other countries. Moreover, all countries produced more than they consumed.


Starting with the top three consumer/producer, China had the first position in this chart. It produced 5,398 billion kWh electricity and utilized 5,322 of that amount. In the second position, the United States can be seen by the production of 4,099 and consumption of 3,866 billion kWh. The gap between these two and the third country was ridiculously large. Russia, as a country in the third position, only consumed 1.038 while produced roughly the same amount.

Turning to rest of the countries, most of them produced or consumed relatively close to each other. Japan generated 936 while used 586 billion kWh of it followed by India, Canada, France, Brazil, and Germany. Numbers in other countries were close to each other and the difference was almost negligible. Republic of Korea occupied the last position by producing 485 billion kWh and consuming 449 billion kWh. 





Task 2:6.5(7-6.5-6.5-6)

Some people say History is one of the most important school subjects. Other people think that in today's world. subjects like science and technology are more important than history.

Discuss both these views and give your own opinion.



While a group of people support the fact that history is a pivotal course, and schools must pay a special attention in teaching it, others believe that it is not as crucial as subjects such as science and technology today. Although knowing history has its own merits, namely obtaining and utilizing useful social, economic startegies of the past governments, I think science and technology have a greater importance because they are beneficial to humans in solving their daily lives and healthcare problems.

On the one hand, real challenges are being addressed with the help of science and technology. One example of such problems is in healthcare; today researchers with the help of Artificial Intelligence (AI) can predict cancers with a high accuracy and precision. This usefulness is not limited to healthcare, rather it is reflected on our daily lives. Being board of driving through a heavy traffic, scientists developed AI-powered self-driven cars. Since AI can solve many challenges, it is only reasonable to place a greater importance on teaching it to children and raise awareness of them about such technology.

On the other hand, others think history is a pivotal subject since studying it is necessary for a nation to thrive. In simpler terms, history teaches us about the story of various rulers of different countries; history articulates how they gained power, built a great economy, and how they kept people satisfid. By following and selecting these useful startegies, other nations can become powerfull too. For instance, countries can learn from Persian that freedom of speech is a great aspect of a happy and free nation; Roman have shown how to unify people under rough economic situation to conquer the Europe. Having said that, although it has these perks, most history books are just the date and location of battles without any useful information. Consequently, most information of these books are not beneficial to children.

In conclusion, even though some people may say history is an important subject in schools because it promotes knowledge about ancient governments, my firm belief is that technology and science are the most crucial courses that students need to learn in school. This is because by knowing them they can know and study about how common challenges are being solved in a modern society.  






































